This essay seems quite fitting, in more ways than one. Of course, it parallels the beginning of our class and the rousing of our scholarly souls. It has never been more important for us to be able to separate the truth as digested by others from the truths of our own souls, while still allowing their light to inspire our own awakenings. As we venture into a very foreign and unexplored literary culture, we cannot be overwhelmed by awe or by the difficult of the prose. Just as we should not pass up the chance to enjoy and fully appreciate what we are to read. 
One particularly striking idea was that without experiences of our own, we are mere satellites built around anothers solar system. Whereas, when the mind is braced by labor and invention, the page of whatever book we read becomes luminous with manifold allusion. The value of what we read is proportional to our readiness to process it, an ability built by the accumulation of life  of actions and experiences translated into memory. Even a mediocre book could provide a great spark, if only the kindling was there.
As it pertains to our current course, the necessity of experience is heightened. While I have traveled and read all around the western world, I lack an equivalent realm of experiences in eastern Asia. Therefore, there is both great potential and risk. The lens through which I can view what we read is relatively unique; the impact when this poet, who lived in some past world, one farther removed from my own than I have seen before, says that which lies close to my own soul, that which I also had wellnigh thought and said will be much heightened. Yet, my lack of knowledge may hinder me in the nuances.
In both the beginning and the end of the essay, Emerson referenced the rousing of the American Scholar; from a fraction of man, a thinker, fed by the thoughts of others (especially the literature and philosophical though of Europe), holding their thoughts so dear he forgets to have his own, into a developed part of Man, confident in his course and his own truth.  This is quite applicable to our current state, and what I hope to achieve by taking (experiencing) this class.


What is the American Scholar? What are the characteristics or values that Emerson seems to be emphasizing throughout his essay? Do you find yourself agreeing with him? Disagreeing? What about his organizational strategy? How does the essay unfold? Is it structured or freeflowing? Is there a strategy to the way in which he proceeds?  Why would it be important for us to reflect on our own selves as American scholars, if that is what we are or what we might want to be, before proceeding into Chinese and Japanese literature?
Architecture is Art
Art is a form of expression, present in human society since the beginning. The common definition of art is the application of creative skill to produce a piece, primarily appreciated for its beauty and emotional power. A more colloquial approach might include something about the intent of the artist, and the ability of the work to emotionally move the viewer. Either definition encompasses many traditional styles – painting, singing, dancing, sculpting, writing – as well as their modern counterparts. Ballet has evolved into breakdance, murals into graffiti. Although there is always some contention during times of innovation as to whether new branches of old arts can qualify as such, eventually society becomes accustomed and they reach comparable status. Hence, it is difficult to make an argument for or against modern offshoots of any category of art because, if it possesses the integral qualities of art, eventually it shall be considered so. 
Before continuing on, it would be beneficial to precisely define those qualities that make something art. What is art? Is it as Gennai might say, that a fart can be art? Or perhaps he is saying that modern art is just a decayed form of what used to be sincere, and counts no longer as worth a fart, much less as art? Either way, his admiration for the spirit is undeniable. This spirit is also the core of any art. Other aspects of art are details upon it. There are three core criterion for art, all stemming from the idea of spirit; the intent, the innovation, and the potential to sway an audience. The first, intent, is initially the most important. It pertains to the creator of art; did he try to make something aesthetic or was the piece produced solely with base motivation. Does the piece have a purpose, even if only to provoke something in the viewer. The second also has to do with the creator and the style of his work. Did he merely imitate, or did he create (in the most profound sense of the word). If a painter made a perfect copy of anothers painting, although it might be pretty, it would never be art. Lastly, it is the piece itself that can sway the audience. This third criterion in almost separate from the first two. While the intent of the creator plays a large part in how much potential the piece has, ultimately its worth is decided by the audience. If something wants to call itself art, someone must first recognize it as such. People judge on many things – beauty, adherence to the rules of a style, subject – but the ultimate question is does this piece of art make me feel something? Whether positive or negative, the status of art is based on its power to speak to the human spirit. 
Then, let us consider architecture as a form of art. Many people would disagree, saying it is a form of design, of base necessity, and therefore unqualified as art. Yet, a sense of purpose should not disqualify it. As an example, stained glass in undeniably a form of art. It qualifies as something quite moving, while also fulfilling many established secondary categories of art, like beauty and skill. The historic placement of stained glass, in church and cathedral windows, speaks to its purpose; to elevate the masses, and enlighten them on biblical lore. The cathedral itself has a similar purpose to its stained glass, or sculptures, or altar pieces (all of which earn places in art museums), as well as incredible atmosphere. The intent with which it was designed and built is not the intent of a single artist, but of an entire society over the span of decades. That is art. It follows the constraints of design and purpose, but is also full of innovation and uniqueness. That is art. Anyone who steps inside is overcome by the character of the building, transported by the unworldly atmosphere. That is art.
Although few buildings can compare with the sheer majesty of a cathedral, many still qualify as art. Bridges, castles, Victorian houses, postmodern design, all types of buildings could be art (if it fulfills the three criterion). Architecture through the centuries has had as many movements and innovation as painting or singing. Architects and artists have had the same level of technical skill, as well as vision. Buildings are as lasting as works in a museum, and much more accessible. Most of all, the accumulation of history throughout the walls of a building bolsters its ability to sway its audience. It is not merely a subcategory of human creation, but its own school of art. 
To me, religion (on a personal scale) is a set of beliefs or ideals that provide connection with something greater than oneself. While I am not adherent to any religion, I respect the desire to participate in a religion; both within oneself and the interaction with the greater society it provides.
There are three things I find key to the religious nature of Bashos journey. The first, actual religion: visits to temples and shrines, monks, and worship. Much of the text consist of Basho visiting places of religious significance. In fact, the first location about which he writes is the Doorless Shrine of the Cauldron (23). Almost every other place he goes has such significance, we worshipped at the sacred mountain (27), worshipped in the Hall of the Ascetic (35), [worshipped] at the Hall of the Healing Buddha, the Tenjin Shrine, and other holy places (71). The second religious aspect of the text is the attention to nature and the hymnal quality of its description. One of the best examples of this can be found on page 47, describing the Shirakawa barrier, the white silk of the verbena joined in blossoming with the white of briar roses, making me feel as if I were crossing the barrier in the snow.  Lastly, there is something religious about Bashos communion with himself; introspection when he observes the religious, the poetic, or the natural. The hardships of our long journey had exhausted me physically and spiritually, and I had been so captivated by the view, so profoundly moved (51). His journey is rather like a pilgrimage, not just to temples, but to places known from poetry (75). Often he wipes his tears with his sleeve, affected by the significance of a moment as much as its location. In the splendor of the scene and the silence I felt a wonderful peace penetrate my heart (99). Some people find comfort in prayer or meditation, but in this instance, Basho found equal weight in looking out over the earth and his travels. 
Even if I should die on the road, this would be the will of Heaven. These thoughts somewhat restored my spirits (63).
Language and the Dao De Jing
Language is our framework for reality. The mind functions in language; whatever concepts a person encounters are mapped into their language. These thoughts can then be placed in writing as an attempt to communicate a similar understanding or feeling to another person. Yet, while written language can convey an authors general idea, it necessarily leaves out nuances of the authors thoughtsnuances that are then replaced, for better or worse, with the readers interpretations. Each individuals lexicon is unique and personal, full of their own connotations quite different than those of an author they might encounter, or those of any other person or society. But just as any articulation in writing might lose some of its original meaning, it might also speak even more deeply to a reader, beyond the intention of the author. What is perceived by a reader is tinged by their instance of language. Language is an imperfect means of interaction, in that we can never convey exactly what we mean—at most, an appropriate synonym. It is, however, the best medium we have to communicate and elicit understanding. As humans, our inexact language mirrors our own imperfections and allows us to grasp at meanings far deeper and closer to our souls than we otherwise could.
Human reality, like the language we use to describe it, is impermanent and personal. Language has no ability to perfectly represent our reality. Both in terms of conveyance and understanding of information. First, it is a rare case when the connotation and definition of a word match exactly the idea being conveyed. Even in that case, the preciseness of language is lost when another person reads it. The Dao that can be described in language is not the constant Dao (Dao De Jing, 51). Human language does not have the ability to capture the incorporeal truths (the nothingness of the Dao). Nor can the human mind. Language is the framework of the mind, and if the framework cannot capture the constant Dao, neither can we comprehend it. As members of the myriad of things, stemming from the nameless and formless Dao, we are originated and completed in this way yet do not know how it happens (Wang Bi, 51). We do not know the formless and constant Dao that creates us. We cannot know it. 
And yet, the only way we can approach such knowledge is through thought and language. We attempt to capture our own enlightenment, a small, fragmentary understanding of the Dao, and transmit it to others in the form of language. By its nature, an unaltered work of writing reifies its subject, binds it within the scope of context – the words used and what they mean. That context, however, is alterable; what meanings the individual words carry vary from person to person and age to age. The possible interpretations of a text grow as it is read and passed down; it has great value in widening the horizons of a readers reality. While the named Dao is not the constant Dao, named, it is the mother of the myriad things (51). It grows them, rears them, ensures their proper shapes (Wang Bi, 51). The named version of the Dao is the mother, the guide. By assigning words to the concept of the Dao, while we dont capture it, we can guide ourselves in the right direction. Mystery is the dark, where in silence absolutely nothing exists. It is where origin and mother come from. We cannot treat it as something to be named (Wang Bi, 52). We cannot reduce the Dao, as such a reduction traps it within a much smaller scope of reality than it inhabits. Yet, we have named origin and mother, we have retrieved them from the nothingness of the Dao and we can use them as parallel conceptualizations of the Dao. This is an imperfect representation, yet it is as close as we can get. 
We use the imperfection of language as a stepping stone; we bound the boundless so that we may have a chance to view it. The inexactness of language allows for elasticity of interpretation and progress in understanding. The Dao De Jing uses such terms as mother, origin, and the Dao without ever clearly explaining the meaning. This vagueness is what gives it potential, what keeps it alive in modern philosophical discussions. The Dao De Jing could not just stop and restrict their meaning to the single word mystery, this name certainly would have been far off the mark. Thus the text says mystery upon mystery (Wang Bi, 52). It demonstrates its own argument against allowing language to reify the Dao by being purposefully indirect. It takes advantage of the imperfections of language and uses them in such a way as to convey ideas universally, instead of being trapped within a certain time or society and to avoid passing along flaws in the authors own comprehension. It sparks understanding in the reader who uses their own experience as kindling. Both in the reading of the Dao De Jing and while pondering the Dao we must always be without desire as to see their subtlety (51). With regard to literature and language, desire here means a desire to name and understand. All subtleties emerge from mystery; we must be without desire to confine concepts within language so that we can approach them more easily (Wang Bi, 52). The closest we can get to true comprehension is to see the subtlety with which things originate, where subtlety is the absolute degree of minuteness (Wang Bi, 51). While looking for the nothingness of Dao, if we are free of desire, we might reach as close as minuteness. It is not the true nothingness of the Dao, but as close as human mind can comprehend. Yet, we must also have desire so as to see their ends, but only if desire is rooted in such a way that it is in accord with the Dao (51 and Wang Bi, 52). We must want to understand the Dao, to be willing to name it. If we do so in the right ways, we can complete our understanding of the cycle; origination and the ends to which things revert (Wang Bi, 52). The Dao itself is a great void of potential, the beginning and end of all things. It is a concept we cannot quite capture in language of theory. In the Dao De Jing, description of the Dao—to be without desire and with desire, to name and not name—seem to be in mutual conflict, yet, together, we refer to them as mystery: the mystery upon mystery the gateway of all subtleties (52). The gateway of all understanding. Language cannot tell the truth, but it a gateway that can provide access to ideas far beyond comprehension. 
Written language is unalterable, yet we still must trust it to capture the truths of a fluid reality. The Dao De Jing does this by allowing room for interpretation and talking about the means of comprehension rather than stating a specific lesson. We are formed in the Dao, in nothingness, and can understand neither our conception nor our completion. But we can form and name the Dao into the mother of myriad things and let it guide our conscious journeys. As Emerson writes, Life is our dictionary. By gaining experience we gain potential to understand the world around us. With enough experience to reference, we can access some of the ideas of another person, through books and language, and build upon them. As ages pass by, our thought evolves incrementally. No society can reinvent philosophical or literary discussion all at once, but as people from different times and cultures read the same work of writing they expand their own mindset, as well as the potential interpretations of the book. There is a cyclical nature to the growth of human expression and language. A person is inspired, has an idea, so they write it down. That writing is passed around, and new ideas grow in the hearts of others; they write, and inspire others who then go on to write. Even if only a fraction of inspirations from an accumulation of experiences (and readings) are transformed into written language, the discussion inches forward. We do not understand the Dao, just as we did not when the Dao De Jing was written, nor when Wang Bi wrote his commentary, nor will we ever entirely know in the future. But we will be closer to it. Our language will continue to fill with imperfections and double meanings, continue to expand the scope of context for as long as we keep living within it—and so will our potential to understand ideas beyond (our current?) comprehension. 

Dorothea,
This is a very interesting essay, and youve done a couple things very well. First, let me commend you for picking a very challenging topic and mode of discourse. You are a precocious philosopher, and it is very impressive that youve attempted to tackle the very difficult topic of the role of language in the Dao De Jing. I will always applaud students who challenge themselves, and few topics could be more challenging than this one! What is the Dao?! What is the role of language in guiding us to an understanding of something that fundamentally evades our understanding?! What is the point in such an exercise to begin with?! These are some of the great questions with which philosophers and poets and mad geniuses of all types have wrestled for centuries. So I hope you found it a rewarding experience to join them for a little while!  
Overall, youve grounded your deep reflections in the language of the Dao De Jing itself, and this is INCREDIBLY important for an essay like this one, that reads more as an extended meditation than a traditional academic 5 paragraph essay. You chart an interesting relationship to the text: this essay seems to be more about your own reflections on language than about the text of the Dao specifically, using it primarily as an interesting interlocutor in developing your own thoughts. This is fine, although I want to make sure you realize youve gone off the beaten path in terms of what I was expecting for this assignment specifically. More power to you, because you pull it off, for the most part. 
If youre going to write in the mode of philosophical meditation, in a short essay like this, you should be very attentive to structure, and flagging for your reader the moves you are making from paragraph to paragraph. Though individual sentences flow well from one to the next, and your sense of logical progression is tightly construed, there are times when I felt a little lost as to the big picture of what youre really driving at in this essay. I think this comes from a confusion regarding whether what you want to show is something fundamental about language, or something fundamental about the Dao, or both. The essay starts off focusing on language, and then seems to maneuver towards unpacking the nature of the Dao itself. This dual focus is sometimes a little disorienting. So try to be very clear as to what youre up to overall from the beginning, and then flag for your readers where youre going, stepbystep, to keep them oriented. Continue to refine your architecture and youll be writing very, very strong papers.
Id also like to suggest, in terms of your conclusions, that the Dao evades our understanding in language because it is not a concept at all. Rather, we might think of it as something like a process or an orientation that one achieves in using or approaching language (or anything) in specific ways. This is to say that, like Derrida, the Dao De Jing teaches us not what to think but how to think. So the Dao is never a reifiable what but always an organic how: a process that avoids a permanent reduction to this or that concept. Finally, Ill suggest what for me feels like an important oversight on your part that you might continue to think through more deeply. Even as we cannot contain the Dao in language, thats precisely what the Dao De Jing does by calling it… the Dao! We have a name for it more primary than mystery or even mystery of mystery and that is the word Dao itself, which has metaphorical value. Perhaps you can think of what insight that provides (now with reference to Derrida, even!) For me, Dao reinforces the idea of process: the Dao is not a thing or a concept but a way forward, a road on which the mind travels, from idea to idea, from word to word. Perhaps the nothingness of the Dao is simply that unapproachable yet somehow bridgeable space between words that sets us in motion, on our way, whatever that way may be for us. In any case, I would have loved for you to reflect on what seems like a fundamental paradox in labeling the Dao using a word at all, and how the metaphorical value of that word may provide some way of reconciling that paradox.
Youre off to a good start with this essay, and I applaud the effort to write about something very difficult! Keep at it. You show remarkable potential for philosophical and theoretical thinking at your age, and I really hope you continue to develop these skills. They are rare.     
Deconstruction of the Secular and Religious Worlds
Recently, with the modern waves of political correctness, the distinction between the religious and secular spheres is becoming ever more important. Yet, these two worlds are not a far apart as we would care to believe. 
Both historically and presently, the religious worlds are characterized by a set of core beliefs. Although the many religious systems are broad and diverse, they all speak to our human desires for salvation, in this life and the next (if there is one). They promise forgiveness, relief, prolongation of life, explanation of the natural world, and, perhaps most importantly, a confidence in something larger than oneself. Righteous wars have been fought in defense of religion—in defense of the security it provides its people. For much of history, social groups formed around religion, education and government similarly inextricable. Religion did not so much exist alongside nonreligion, but as life itself. 
This level of belief, however, has recently been characterized by the general world as fanatical, extreme, zealous—words full of negative connotation. For decades now, we have been trying to distance ourselves from the religious roots of our past, disavowing them as misguided or excessive. Instead, we embrace secularism, government unswayed by a greater being, the power of humanity for humanity. Religion still exists, but in much more secluded pockets. For those who chose to believe, it is now an aspect of life, rather than the core. People dont need to rely on the tenant of religious belief for their mental and physical wellbeing. They can look to science for explanations of the natural world and find codes of morality that dont include reference to worship. Life can be lived entirely unaffected by religion, or so we would like to believe.
Secularism is the right to be free from religious influence, but is it ever truly escapable? We say God bless you to a sneeze, and adhere to Sabbath liquor laws. Our philosophies and moral code were written by great western minds, great Christian minds. Just as we try to distance ourselves from religion, packaging in nicely into a little box to be stored or retrieved at whim, we forget that the cradle of our civilization was steeped in religion. Traditionally secular texts of science and philosophy were created in times where religion was prevalent—our modern traditions of thought are rooted in religious ideals—no matter how much we try and whitewash them. Moreover, our motivations, labeled religious or otherwise, overlap. In the past, religious wars have been fought for territory, and now we have deposed dictators because of our faith in democracy. Some of our modern science is no more absolute than a deity figure; it makes sense given all we know about the world, it cannot be proven absolutely, yet we believe. Secularism needs religion, the secular world is built upon it. We can only call ourselves secular if there is a nonsecular with which to associate. 
 
What is poetry? That to which what is intently on the mind goes. More so, that which, by influence it stirs them; by teaching it transforms them. Them – the individual, and the society. The Great Preface tackles not just the origin of poetry, but its place in the world. Poetry is the teacher, which moved Heaven and Earth… gave depth to human relations, beautifully taught and transformed the people. There is a higher purpose to poetry, something idealistic. It is born spontaneously out of emotion and holds power to direct the conscious minds of its listeners. It also can cross social boundaries, one of the few things afforded that luxury in ancient China; the one who speaks it has no culpability, yet it remains adequate to warn those who hear it. Poetry holds a revered status, pure and sacred, in the words of the preface. 
Yet, this reputation is inconcrete. While the lofty goals and roles of poetry are a nice ambition, reality can get in the way. The Preface says poetry is the stirring of the affections, but it is not quite so pure. Poetry can be composed for selfish reasons. Then, given the power of poetry to transform, is it not also a danger? Especially the revolutionary capacity of poetry. The  feng of impure poetry might let those above oppress those below, or give the general populous over confidence in uprising—rather than calming unrest, it might cause it. Putting aside the strength of poetry in that regard, consider the ideal of protecting the author or speaker of poetry, even when their views conflict with the general. While an admirable idea, the execution is quite difficult, especially for a society that values face, status, and societal unity. A line in the Kokinshu preface speaks to the reality of the literary world, when the author had to exclude those poets of high rank and office from his criticism. 
While the art of poetry would profess to be separate from mortal conflicts, it cannot escape them entirely. The dialectics in the great preface and its commentary go largely unresolved, although the insights of Confucian scholars provide some relief. They reconcile the perceived immorality of some poems with the ideals of the text by placing the reader in the seat of the judge. One can learn as much from analyzing an example of poor behavior as from being presented with a perfect one. However, the office of the poet, and its right to speak out, cannot be reconciled with the desire of power to protect itself from dissenters. The perfect world could accept poetic a critique, but the real one often cannot.
I am torn; is Genji likable or dislikable? He is rather presumptuous, especially in the scene with Tamakatsura. Although she was unwilling, he lay down beside her…she did her best to hide her tears, but before long they burst forth in an uncontrollable flood(490). Yet he shows an incredible sense of self awareness, a trait that endears him to the women he courts and to the reader. While he pursues an inappropriate love, his previous lovers daughter and his ward, he says to her you need not fear that I shall ever act in such a way as to harm your good name. All I ask is that I may sometimes be allowed to talk as I have talked tonight (490). When she is lost for words, he cedes that he has made a great mistake, and leaves her alone (490). Even though, out of context, his actions are reprehensible, the nature of his character makes him likeable. He goes after women he really shouldnt, yet is sincere in his pursuit. This is especially evident in his initial unwillingness to admit his feelings for Tamakatsura, and the overwhelming nature of his confession; he couldnt hold back. 
I would also trend towards trusting Genji. The angelic descriptions of his person are very influential in judging his character, as is the confidence of the narrator. The point of view of narration is not first person from Genjis perspective, in which he might be able to deceive us. Rather it is third person, and for the most part closely associated with Genji. This narration portrays him very positively, with a believable sense of realism. Characters that are human, imperfect yet relatable, in motivation are greatest ones. Genji knew that the bearer of such a name could not escape much scrutiny and jealousy…he was obliged always to act with great prudence… thus nothing really romantic ever happened to him (CH 2). He is a good person, though not without selfish reasons. Both his initial vulnerability, unfamiliarity with love, and future romantic endeavors make him multifaceted and relatable. It also shows he is intelligent enough to warrant admiration, yet not so smart as to be foxy or vile. Moreover, the narration lends itself to explaining away Genjis faults.  He felt more conscience stricken than he need have done about not talking to Tamakatsuras father (487). He both has a conscience, and is likeable by the characters around him—she wants to stay with him. We also see the Genjis internal struggles regarding Tamakatsura. He admitted to himself, in private that Murasaki might be right, yet tried to convince himself that Murasaki had no grounds for her suspicions (488). When his advance on Tamakatsura was met with refusal, he spoke reasonably, gently and withdrew (490). While there is doubt about whether he should have undertaken the action at all, we see along the way his motivations for doing so, and his relatively appropriate response to refusal. Overall, I judge Genji more leniently as a character into whom I am given insight, than I would when faced with a similar person in real life. 
Essay on Tomiko Yodas Article 
In the introduction, Tomiko Yoda perfectly directs the topic of her paper, stating she will address the texts construction of poetry as a privileged medium for representing the diegetic world, will demonstrate how the text also undermines those privileges, and will examine both how the failure of poetic language crosschecks with the failure of love to live up to its ideals and the function of the female voice in the lovers exchange as that which complicates… romantic desires and the operation of poetic dialogue (526). She goes through several argumentative stages; acknowledging an author (Norinaga) in favor of interpreting the Genji as poetry and an author (Masuda) not in favor. She proceeds to synthesize both views by acknowledging their strengths and weakness in relation to each other, and the overall shortcoming of both in fully capturing use of poetic expression in the Genji. She then uses that synthesis and understanding of the gap between poetic language and ordinary language in the analysis of the parallel gaps between lovers (and their poetic voices). 
Yoda strongly inserts her own interpretations into the context of previous scholarly works. By analyzing several established arguments in relation to each other, she makes room for new ideas where the old fall short. Her analytical process for each piece of text from the Genji begins with introducing her argument up to that point, as it will relate to the new piece of evidence. For example, on pg 549, she states she had previously focused on the failures of poetic language and would proceed to tackle the implications of an instance where there is not disharmony in an exchange of poems between lovers in order to clarify the logic behind the failure and success. She then summarizes a few examples, and provides the setting of her next set of poems; in this case the parting of Rokujo and Genji. After the poems, she talks about how they are unusually in accord with each other – a basic interpretation that allows the reader to follow her later argument. The next step begins with, what we need to recognize is the unequivocal nature of this poetic communication (552).  This both leads into her later analysis and perfectly exemplifies her clear argumentative style; she wants to make it easy for the reader to trust her and to follow along with her argument. She takes advantage of this setup with a profound revelation that, like the reader experiencing mono no aware, the characters in the text must also renounce their agencies…in order to share affectiveaesthetic experience with each other (552). She quickly elaborates and expands, saying, lovers poetic communication in the Genji is paradoxical…because the text constructs amorous desire itself as a paradox—drawing people together while at the same time marking the irreconcilable differences between them (553). She finishes with as argued earlier, the internal contradiction of love means that the seemingly futile dynamics of poetic exchange exemplifies the exchange of lovers whose relationship is still in the process of unfolding (553). In this analysis she breaks away from the previous discussion of whether or not the Genji counts as poetic, into the effects of that discord on the reading and interpretation of the work itself. She used the previously verified and discussed arguments to further her unique claims. Her style is especially interesting because she mentions her own argument in a selfreferential fashion several times throughout the paper; resynthesizing the initial thesis in wake of new information and sequentially establishing its the architectural strength. 
For all that the scope and progression of Yodas argument was very broad, she concludes on a much finer note. Her ending argument does not rehash what was said earlier. Rather, it is the conclusion of the section Female Pathos that ends the entire article. Yet this narrow conclusion doesnt feel disjointed or insufficient. All aspects of the argument, while strong on their own, fed beautifully into the final point. As such, strongly ending the last bit of analysis similarly wrapped up each preceding point.
Temporality in a Selection of Poems by Tao Qian and Wendell Berry
Through life and poetry alike, we struggle with the interplay between life in society and in nature. Across time and space, we, as humans, have felt the constraints of civilization with a clear sense of unity. Such parallels are evident in the poems of Tao Qian, a Chinese poet from the fourth century, and Wendell Berry, an American poet from the 20th. Both authors acknowledge the traps of society; the traps of politics, of desire, of fear for the future. Neither poet outright tackles the issues they find with the structure of society, but instead they inspire us to look to nature as a form of healing and contentment. Nature is free from the desires and constraints of society, the daytoday bustle that is neverending. People are caught between an abundance of desire and a scarcity of time—there is an urgency and panic inherent to living within a group of civilized people. Time defines us. Time binds us, says David Becker in Lyric Poetry and the Problem of Time. His work describes the presence of time in poetry, how poets may warp the common conception of time in their poetry, providing a temporary unshackling from its bounds or providing us a context with which to accept its inevitable passing. Time is a figment, a metron, a device by which we measure the elements of nature… the changes among natural substances (Becker). This relationship between humanity, nature, and time, is something inherent within ourselves and our poetry, especially in the nature poetry of Tao Qian and Wendell Berry; specifically in The Peace of Wild Things by Wendell Berry and Home Again Among Gardens and Fields and Drinking Wine by Tao Qian. In these poems, each author approaches time differently, and through analysis of these approaches, we can determine differences in their mindsets. Although they both find freedom and peace in nature, Wendell Berry gives himself a moment of time in such solitude, whilst Tao Qian resides there. 
Tao Qian distances himself from the linear progression of time in his poems Home Again Among Gardens and Fields and Drinking Wine.  In both poems, time is only mentioned a single time: I fell into their net of dust, that one departure a blunder lasting thirteen years (Home Again). This time phrase thirteen years refers to the time spent in society, measurable as lost time only because it was in society; societys conception of time only matters when worrying about how much is left. Tao Qians own philosophy expresses the vanity of pursuing lifeprolonging practices when one sees the inevitability of death everywhere (Olaniyi). He has removed himself from the societal construct of time and has chosen to live this life of natural presence. While the passage of time is not a focus in these poems, he does acknowledge nature through time. Picking chrysanthemums at my east fence, far off, I see south mountain: mountain air lovely at dusk, birds in flight returning home. All this means something, something absolute (Drinking Wine). These few lines blur the distinction of time. Chrysanthemums are a symbol of impermanence but reoccurrence (Olaniyi). Although they will fade and die, in their place will return new flowers. The birds, as well, embody the transience of nature, their short time in flight and fast movement leave only a fleeting thought behind. Yet, they too do not end after they disappear over the horizon. The mountains, on the other hand, are symbols of permeance directly contrasting with the other ephemeral natural symbols. Permeance and transience are brought together in the latter line of this series; All this means something, something absolute (Drinking Wine). Whether the seemingly eternal mountains or temporary living things, together as nature and the insight of the human spirit they mean something absolute; something that does not ever fade with time. Tao Qians poems lift the reader…to a metaphysical plane of perception… at the same time [keep them] in touch with the reality of the present (Olaniyi). He doesnt distinguish between present and future, because the moment is the highest form of reality. He cannot share the absoluteness of that moment, whenever I start explaining it, Ive forgotten the words (Drinking Wine). This statement, reminiscent of the Dao de Jing, refers to both the inability to convey meaning through language, as well as the inability to capture a moment like this. A moment outside of time is similarly outside of language. Tao Qian has renounced society, and its constraints, in favor of the tranquility of nature—the serenity without the race against time. 
While Wendell Berry shares some of Tao Qians views on society, his poem Into the Peace of wild things is very chronologically organized. Throughout the poem he is driven by time. When despair for the world grown in me and I wake in the night at the least sound in fear of what my life and my childrens lives may be, (Berry). The poem is a narrative, with the actions happening to the reader sequentially as the happened to Berry. Despair grows, we wake, we fear for the future. In the beginning section of the poem, Berry is the most integrated the into human society; to the point that it causes him pain, fearing what his life and his childrens lives may be. Unlike Tao Qian, Berry is operating very much within the framework of a timed society. The future is a pressing thought, one that distracts from the present. It is when this construct of time weighs so heavily on him that Berry flees to nature to purify a worried heart. I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief (Berry). Nature is free from forethought. While it is not free from time, since we see and distinguish the materials of nature because we see them change as a function of time, the idea of time does not cloud their lives (Olaniyi). For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free. I know for a while again the health of selfforgetfulness (Berry). In nature he can shake off the fear, but only for a while, for a time. He must return to society once that time is up. At this point in the poem, with the inevitability of time hanging in the air, the pace undergoes a qualitative change. In the beginning the verbs are very active and there is a sense of movement (which implies a length of time). However, the second page of the poem is itself a single moment; him looking out at the sky and thinking. Time is paused, as he ponders the heavens, until the very last line of the poem when he takes one last motion, reminiscent of Tao Qians philosophy. He thinks that even I may step forth from myself and be free (Berry). Even I, he says, as someone who lives in society and must return, can experience the freedom from time and forethought. He may step forth from himself and be free, free from the worry about the future, free to live, for a moment, like Tao Qian does; appreciating the cyclical change and time of nature instead of the ruthless linear progression. 
After having looked at a poem rooted in time, let us turn back to Tao Qian and look at the progression of time in his poems. Tao Qians poems have a distinct lack of time. Other than the thirteen years spent, and a reference to him as child, a void of time is created. No confusion within the gate, no dust, my empty home harbors idleness to spare (Home Again). There is no confusion, and no dust. Both words allude to the turmoil of living in a town, but they also evoke images of temporality. If there was confusion, it would eventually end or change; if there was a cloud of dust it would settle. Yet there are neither, and this image in untethered by time. A similar effect is achieved in the idleness to spare; the poem is dissociated from time, and the human attachment to completion of goals with a time frame. The verbs used in the poem are all present tense, for example Ive got nearly two acres here. This prevents delineation of the moment. The whole poem could about be a seconds musing, or the idleness of several months. What matters is not the length of the time, because nature and the spirit are a cycle. While nature changes and time (as a measurement of change) passes, nothing is irretrievably lost. Society is stuck in a quagmire of time, endlessly grasping at moments past instead of appreciating the current one. Tao Qian is, finally, Back again: after so long in that trap, Ive returned to all that comes of itself. He has both escaped the defeatist human conception of time and returned to the natural cycle of change. In his Drinking Wine poem there is a single moment distinguishable as time, when far off, I see South Mountain: mountain air lovely at dusk, birds in flight returning home. The air at dusk is lovely, but soon it will be night and the air will change. The birds are in flight—there is movement, a slow soaring movement across the sky, one that inherently has a time constraint. This moment, with soft movement across the sky, looking into to distance, is very similar to the last moment is Wendell Berrys poem. Berry looks out at the sky, small clouds at sunset passing across and thinks that this is one of the thresholds between Earth and Heaven, one from which even I may step forth from my self and be free (Berry). There are clouds, like the birds, passing across the sky. This draws attention to nature, indistinct and slow time (gentle time, without pressure), and perhaps the presence of something greater than yourself—be it heaven or mountain—that holds a great power. Tao Qian, a resident in a natural timecycle, cant find the words to describe the moment, cannot package it neatly for society to consume. Berry, on the other hand, says what he can about the freedom he felt in the time he has before it ends, preserving it in words so he may look back at the past and remember, and may lead another person into temporary immersion in nature and freedom from time. Both poets have an awareness of time, both in terms of the constraints of linear time in society, and the freedom of time in nature. Tao Qian has secluded himself fully into the natural cycle, and, while Wendell Berry reaches the same understanding of the worth of disassociation from time at the end of his poem, he has chosen step away from that and to return to society. 
Time exists as a way for humans to measure change.  Yet, it is not an element of nature… it is an entity wholly of our own making (Olaniyi). We have become trapped by our own creation—blinded by the irrevocability of the passage of time, and its apparent linear nature. In reality, this change is not the permanent flipping of a switch between old and new, life and death. It is a flowing cycle; what ends will come again, what comes anew will end. Tao Qian has stepped out of the bindings of linear time and fear of the future, into an acceptance of the cycle of nature and appreciation of the present. Berry sees that realm, somewhere even he could step forth to and be free, but cannot accept a life of permanent removal from society. While both authors concur on the importance of nature and seclusion, through the divergence of their paths we can understand much about their respective mindsets and philosophies. We can learn from Tao Qians example, and from the Wendell Berrys slight sense of remorse at not making the same choice. Berry, as a modern nature poet and proponent of sustainable agriculture, has unbreakable ties to society. He cannot be a reclusive poet, looking outside in, like Tao Qian who had experienced political struggle and found it unbearable. Poets and readers alike must make the same choice; to fight for the hope of human society or make individual peace with existence. 
Language and the Dao De Jing
Language is our framework for reality. The mind functions in language; whatever concepts a person encounters are mapped into their language. These thoughts can then be placed in writing as an attempt to bring similar understanding or feeling to another person. Yet, while written language can convey an authors general idea, it leaves behind nuances of the authors thoughts. Nuances that are then replaced, for better or worse, with the readers interpretations. Each individuals lexicon is unique and personal, full of their own connotations quite different than those of the author, or another person, or another society. Therefore, any piece of writing can speak deeply to a reader, beyond the intention of the author. What is perceived by a reader is tinged by their instance of language. Language is an imperfect means of interaction, in that we can never convey exactly what we mean—at most, an appropriate synonym. It is, however, the best medium we have to communicate and elicit understanding. As humans, our inexact language mirrors our own imperfections and allows us to grasp at meanings far deeper and closer to our souls than we otherwise could.
Human reality, like the language we use to describe it, is impermanent and personal. Language has no ability to perfectly represent our reality. Both in terms of conveyance and understanding of information. First, it is a rare case when the connotation and definition of a word match exactly the idea being conveyed. Even in that case, the preciseness of language is lost when another person reads it. The Dao that can be described in language is not the constant Dao (Dao De Jing, 51). Human language does not have the ability to capture the incorporeal truths (the nothingness of the Dao). Nor can the human mind. Language is the framework of the mind, and if the framework cannot capture the constant Dao, neither can we comprehend it. As members of the myriad of things, stemming from the nameless and formless Dao, we are originated and completed in this way yet do not know how it happens (Wang Bi, 51). We do not know the formless and constant Dao that creates us. We cannot know it. 
And yet, the only way we can approach such knowledge is through thought and language. We attempt to capture our own enlightenment, small fragmentary understanding of the Dao, and transmit it to others in the form of language. By its nature, an unaltered work of writing reifies its subject, binds it within the scope of context – the words used and what they mean. That context, however, is alterable; what meanings the individual words carry vary from person to person and age to age. The possible interpretations of a text grow as it is read and passed down; it has great value in widening the horizons of a readers reality. While the named Dao is not the constant Dao, named, it is the mother of the myriad things (51). It grows them, rears them, ensures their proper shapes (Wang Bi, 51). The named version of the Dao is the mother, the guide. By assigning words to the concept of the Dao, while we dont capture it, we can guide ourselves in the right direction. Mystery is the dark, where in silence absolutely nothing exists. It is where origin and mother come from. We cannot treat it as something to be named (Wang Bi, 52). We cannot reduce the Dao as such a reduction traps it within a much smaller scope of reality than it inhabits. Yet, we have named origin and mother, we have retrieved them from the nothingness of the Dao and we can use them as parallel conceptualizations of the Dao. Imperfect, yet as close as we can get. 
We use the imperfection of language as a stepping stone; we bound the boundless so that we may have a chance to view it. The inexactness of language allows for elasticity of interpretation and progress in understanding. The Dao De Jing uses such terms as mother, origin, and the Dao without ever clearly explaining the meaning. This vagueness is what gives it potential, what keeps it alive in modern philosophical discussions. The Dao De Jing could not just stop and restrict their meaning to the single word mystery, this name certainly would have been far off the mark. Thus the text says mystery upon mystery (Wang Bi, 52). It demonstrates its own argument against allowing language to reify the Dao by being purposefully indirect. It takes advantage of the imperfections of language and uses them in such a way as to convey ideas universally, instead of being trapped within a certain time or society and to avoid passing along flaws in the authors own comprehension. It sparks understanding in the reader who uses their own experience as kindling. Both in the reading of the Dao De Jing and while pondering the Dao we must always be without desire as to see their subtlety (51). In regards to literature and language, desire is a desire to name and understand. All subtleties emerge from mystery; we must be without desire to confine concepts within language so that we can approach them more easily (Wang Bi, 52). The closest we can get to true comprehension is to see the subtlety with which things originate, where subtlety is the absolute degree of minuteness (Wang Bi, 51). While looking for the nothingness of Dao, if we are free of desire, we might reach as close as minuteness. It is not the true nothingness of the Dao, but as close as human mind can comprehend. Yet, we must also have desire so as to see their ends, but only if desire is rooted in such a way that it is in accord with the Dao (51 and Wang Bi, 52). We must want to understand the Dao, to be willing to name it. If we do so in the right ways, we can complete our understanding of the cycle; origination and the ends to which things revert (Wang Bi, 52). The Dao itself is a great void of potential, the beginning and end of all things. It is a concept we cannot quite capture in language of theory. In the Dao De Jing, description of the Dao—to be without desire and with desire, to name and not name—seem to be in mutual conflict, yet, together, we refer to them as mystery: the mystery upon mystery the gateway of all subtleties (52). The gateway of all understanding. Language cannot tell the truth, but it a gateway that can provide access to ideas far beyond comprehension. 
Written language is unalterable, yet we still must trust it to capture the truths of a fluid reality. The Dao De Jing does this by allowing room for interpretation and talking about the means of comprehension rather than stating a specific lesson. We are formed in the Dao, in nothingness, and can understand neither our conception nor our completion. But we can form and name the Dao into the mother of myriad things and let it guide our conscious journeys. As Emerson said, Life is our dictionary. By gaining experience we gain potential to understand the world around us. With enough experience to reference, we can access some of the ideas of another person, through books and language, and build upon them. As ages pass by, our thought evolves incrementally. No society can reinvent philosophical or literary discussion all at once, but as people from different times and cultures read the same work of writing they expand their own mindset, as well as the potential interpretations of the book. There is a cyclical nature to the growth of human expression and language. A person is inspired, has an idea, so they write it down. That writing is passed around, and new ideas grow in the hearts of others; they write, and inspire others who then go on to write. Even if only a fraction of inspirations from an accumulation of experiences (and readings) are transformed into written language, the discussion is inches forward. We do not understand the Dao, just as we did not when the Dao De Jing was written, nor when Wang Bi wrote his commentary, nor will we ever entirely know in the future. But we will be closer to it. Our language will continue to fill with imperfections and double meanings, continue to expand the scope of context for as long as we keep living within it—and so will our potential to understand ideas beyond comprehension. 

They are lacking in the native talent necessary for the creation of something new. Their most fundamental defect…is their want of spirit. And spirit is something this fartist has in abundance for he has made his name known throughout the land…without any masters to pave the way.
Gennai is certainly criticizing those dispirited, selfindulgent, unfinished men – the scholars, the philologists, the doctors, the politicians, the Confucians. On the surface he seems to be elevating the status of fartistry, arguing for its worthiness. In choosing to argue in favor of farting he accomplishes the dual purpose of elevating innovation, and degrading the current stagnant state of society. By giving farting a higher status than singing (or the task of any other profession) he pulls down the latters lofty reputation, reducing it (quite literally) to something worse than a fart. One of his main accusations against all those schools of art and scholarly works are their over reliance on the masters of old – they push their schools ever closer to their ultimate collapse without a shred of understanding or ingenuity. They are nepotistic, unoriginal, and moneygrubbing. By comparison, the fartist seems quite pleasant. 
Yet, the entirety of this fartists standing is based on comparison. Gennai isnt legitimizing or promoting farting as a new form of art, rather making use of it to criticize the current forms of art. The Samurais argument, as well as Gennais rebuttal support this. Crankshaw isnt just a character invented to find fault with Confucian stereotypes, his speech also betrays more of the weaknesses of society. His words strike at more of what Gennai finds unpleasant, that nowadays the entertainments are put together with an eye to profit alone, and even these women who sell their affections value their good names above life itself. Also, in the anecdote of the woman in the Shinagawa Quarter, who would rather die than be mortified; if the men with her promised to keep the secret, how did the samurai hear of it? 
Farting isnt actually an art, but it is admirable for a man to do something entirely new. While not everything innovative or driven by spirit is noteworthy, the act itself of someone going beyond expectations is quite noteworthy. Gennai is criticizing peoples unwillingness to accept anything new as good, and the general unwillingness to attempt the unfamiliar. Oh, if only those who propose to save and transform our world, not to mention those supposedly engaged already in the humane arts—if only they would apply themselves with this kind of spirit, then there would be joyful noise all around us as to drown out the most resounding of farts.

The story of Superfrog tackles the question of reality. Not the question of what is real versus what is not, but whether worth is based on a state of reality. The entire work plays on truth versus actuality. Is something imaginary also fake? And is something real not fake?
In the beginning of the story Mr. Frog visits a debtor, who then contacts Mr. Katagiri to negotiate. This is real. Whereas later, the gun that was so small and so black that it hardly looked real turned out to be fake. So then, did Mr. Katagiri save Tokyo? As opposed to the other events of the story, the merit of this action may be based entirely on its actuality. The ramblings of a madman claiming greatness are very different from the actions of a hero. Perhaps the battle was fought, and Mr. Katagiri saved 150,000 people, but perhaps the whole thing was imaginary. Even if Mr. Katagiri did not physically save peoples lives, the greatness of his story is not the lesser for it. 
He touched another level of understanding, transcended a life of eating, sleeping, and shitting. Even if he took no physical actions, his psyche underwent a journey. Mr. Katagiri was living a very unsatisfied life, like many modern salarymen; they live day to day to day, wraithlike. Without imagination. Mr. Katagiri is the epitome of average, so he says. Yet, Mr. Frog says Tokyo can only be saved by a person like you. And its for people like you that I am trying to save Tokyo. His averageness, and his incredible humanity, are what fuels Mr. Frog in his fight. And Mr. Katagiris imagination is awoken by the incident. What was imaginary, was not fake. 

Death is imaginary. Either the potential death of 150,000 people was imagined, or it was saved in the imagination. When Mr. Katagiri faced death, he cut the switch of his imagination and sank into weightless silence. And he woke up in the hospital, alive. Then, Mr. Frog, who burst into a host of maggots –dying gruesomely—disappeared when Mr. Katagiri opened his eyes to the light. Yet, just because death is imaginary doesnt mean it doesnt have real repercussions. Each and every one of us is a being of limited duration: all of us eventually go down to defeat. And we fight in the battlefield of imagination. To reference a cliché, we all die alone. The act of death by nature is imaginary. We imagine death even as we watch someone undergo it . True terror is the kind that men feel toward their imagination. And our only knowledge of death is that terrible imagination. 
Mr frog is struggling with his unfrog ness, while Mr. Katagiri may now have the courage to break from his robotness
The style is incredibly engaging. 
I especially appreciated the literary and philosophical references. 
Who am I? To make the long answer as short as possible, I am a mechanical engineering student, and an avid reader. I predominantly read fantasy—I love the feeling of being transported to another world. When I was young, this took the form of books like Eragon and Lord of the Rings, but more recently I have gotten into webnovels. They are a type of Asian pop fiction, relatively shallow in plot and stylistic elements, but permeated with the feeling of a foreign culture. Even though they are full of clichés, those clichés are quite unrecognizable as an American. They provide a fascinating look into the everyday assumptions and fantasy life of an entirely different society. From this initially niche interest was born an intense curiosity about other aspects of Asian, especially Chinese, culture. Accordingly, I am planning to pick up a second major in Chinese. Both of those combined (major requirements and a love of Asian literature) are the driving force behind my presence in this class. 
While excited to dive into the course, I am a little nervous; as my primary academic focus in not in the humanities, but the sciences. I havent written much at the college level that is nontechnical. Hence, the greatest difficulty I face when writing academically is my sheer lack of familiarity with the format. I hope, amongst other things, that this course will help me hone my writing skills, and improve my ability to appropriately convey information in the fields of the humanities as well as the sciences. I also hope to increase my knowledge base, ability to read critically, and learn how to analyze pieces in on a much more profound level.
As for inspirational books, Crime and Punishment would be at the top of my list. I resonated with the main character in a way that I almost wish I hadnt, given his nature in book. It was like talking to the devil on my shoulder; I saw a shadow of myself in Rodyas thoughts and actions. His thoughts were thoughts Id had before, and his actions ones I might take in a similar situation. That, or Dostoyevsky is so brilliant an author that he can sway any reader into empathizing deeply, regardless of the truth of their nature and the nature of his characters. Either way, the elements of the story, characters, and setting all enchanted me. I was caught by the style of the novel as well. The writing was hazy and meandering or sharp and bitter in parallel with the thoughts of Rodya: the writing, mood, and physical happenings of the story compounded on each other. The details filled the world. Symbolic, reoccurring, or singular, each was a momentary glimpse into the very real life of a fake person. Crime and Punishment gave me a chance to converse with the characters and author across  the decades, through the pages of a book. That is why it inspires me. Hello



   
