Imagine living a normal life. Girlfriend, parents, and a dog. A good job, and an addiction to RPGs. And to anime and light novels. Imagine then being ripped from that perfect life, and sent to the world of your dreams. Quite literally the world of your dreams; nightmares included.

What happens when Ezekiel gets thrown into a terrifyingly wonderful world of dragons, wizards, and elves... with all the fantastic powers of a dragon. What if that occurs not once, not twice, but six times? 

With his power growing and interest peaking, what will happen in this strange world when a new dragon emperor arrives?
Hello. Nice to meet you. This is my first time taking to humans, or the like, so please forgive my incompetence. I suppose I ought to introduce myself; I am the Narrator. Ill be popping up occasionally in the story, but after this short bit here, the story will not be from my point of view. 

Seeing as this simple job is the extent of my importance, you really dont need to know much more about me. Except, perhaps, that I work in the Underworld. Or Hell, Heaven, the land of the dead, the land of souls, or whatsoever you may call it. For purposes of this story, I shall simply call my place of business the Void. 

Living where I do, I work with souls. Most souls, when their mortal bodies die, enter the Void. They then proceed to being reborn into a new body, losing their memories and what-not in the process. 

Usually souls end up, at least, on the same planet, if not the same species. However, occasionally, a soul will cross between planetary boundaries during its trip, and end up somewhere else entirely. 

For example, have you ever wondered why your stories are all littered with elves, dwarves, and dragons? That is because the soul of the aforementioned gets reborn into a human body, with a vague sense of their previous life. These faint traces manifest themselves in a dream, or some similar fashion. These people then go on to become great writers, or perhaps, in the case of the dwarves, great metalworkers. This same general concept applies itself to most worlds, and most stories. 

While this little tidbit has almost no use in the context of our story, it does nicely introduce the next important fact about souls (and please, be patient for my explanation; it is important, I swear). 

Since I just said that almost everything about a soul is erased prior to reincarnation, you are likely wondering why certain aspects remain. This mainly due to how a soul is attributed. As per most Earth stories, there are four main attributes. These make up the core of all creation. Earth, water, fire, and air. 

Souls typically have a single attribute, and (again, typically) it is usually very weak. There are four basic tiers to categorize the strength of an attribute; faint, minor, innate, and major. Each one can be weak, intermediate, or strong. There is also an incredibly rare fifth tier, called resonance, but you will learn about this at a later date. The strength of ones attribute is determined by how well they can sense and control the elemental particles around them (something that is possible to increase over time). But strength isnt everything. Souls are often inclined to be more skilled utilizing one part of an element than the others. 

For demonstrative purposes, lets imagine three dwarves. The first, dwarf A, has a faint-weak earth attribute. He is skilled in jewels, instead of the other thing the earth attribute encompasses, like metals, strength, or battle. He is naturally slightly sturdier than other creatures, and enjoys being inside the earth. He also is slightly, approximately 5%, better than others at finding and working with precious stones. Dwarf B has a minor-intermediate earth attribute, geared towards metalworking. Since his attribute is stronger, he receives more of a boost from being around the earth, and can also create swords, or other metal items, about 25% better than average people. Dwarf C has a major-intermediate earth attribute. He is probably the first of his clan in thousands of years to have such a strong affinity to earth. He is very good in several areas, like metals and jewels, and can utilize them with nearly double the effect of others. He can also survive without food or water two or three times as long underground, than could someone else at his level. Now you see the power of having a strong attribute. 

Before we get moving to the main story, I will divulge a fairly well kept secret regarding attributes. Instead of just 4, there are actually 7 attributes. There is light and dark, two sides of the same coin. The reason why these attributes are so rare, and so powerful, is because they must appear simultaneously. Without light, there is no shadow, and without dark, it would be impossible to distinguish light. 

Since it is possible to have slight affinities with more than one element, light/dark attributes have appeared—but rarely, and with a very weak power. The other element, the seventh, is the nature element. I know not of a single instance where a soul with the nature attribute survived creation, for this element is the very power over life and death… 

You excited now? I hope so. Because here starts the good stuff, here starts our story! 

*          *          *


Perfect stillness. Neither oppressive, nor peaceful. Simply empty. My consciousness moved leisurely down the endless line of newly arriving souls. The faint glows released might have brought warmth, if I had something to warm. 

An emerging soul caught my attention. Around it the atmosphere slowed. Time moved like putty, as the residual shock wave emanating from the materialized soul moved outwards. This soul was almost twice the size as any of the surrounding souls. In its center I could sense the presence of a large amount of a dark liquid. 

Pulled into a sphere in the center of the soul, the liquid was streaked with silver curling about it, like mist rolling over a tar lake.  Whilst the others souls resumed the endless trudge towards their destination, the new soul remained frozen. 

It was shivering slightly, out of fear or euphoria, it was impossible to tell. I curiously observed it, wondering what its next move would be. Should I have had eyes to blink, I would have missed its next action. When the shockwave faded into the distance, the soul suddenly stopped trembling. As frozen as the time around it, looking at the silent soul gave me a sinking feeling, like I was being drawn into a boundless sea. 

While I was entranced, I almost failed to notice the soul streaking off into the distance, a pale golden light left in its wake. I rose higher, all the while focusing on the soul. Gracefully, I moved above the rivers of souls below, letting the path of the new soul guide my own. 

I followed it to areas unexplored; the Void expands as the number of souls expands--infinitely. It dipped under and around protrusions from the dark terrain, gracefully gliding over the black landscape. After an unquantifiable amount of time, it halted. 

A faint golden light was expelled as it started quivering once more. The vibrations grew stronger and stronger, until even the solid ground quaked beneath it. Underneath the soul a small chasm opened up, growing larger and larger until it could encompass an entire mountain range. I sent a small piece of my soul-sense and attached it to the new soul, fearing it would soon disappear from my presence. My intuition proved correct, as the ground swallowed up the soul, and closed as suddenly as it had come into being. 

*          *          *


Nothing could be felt in the tunnel. Not that soul-sense stopped working there, its just that there was nothing to sense. After falling for days, or months, or perhaps seconds, the tunnel narrowed and became bumpy. The lumps soon turned jagged, and the channel almost too narrow to continue. Whole chunks were sheared off the soul. 

A slight whistling sound grew to a thundering shriek, then back down to a whistle, then faded as the soul fractions were thrust into a cavernous subterranean hollow. They fell like morning dew off a leaf onto the forgotten floor of the chamber. The largest piece, containing the dense black liquid stayed whole, but another shattered into three. 

A blinding light was released as the fragmented soul should have dispersed. But against all rules of nature the pieces remained. A living soul in six parts. An abomination, a cruel joke of the consciousness existing inside. Pain seared through its newly created form. Any hope at life after death was broken to bits along with its body. 

Through the darkness it sat, waiting. Unbeknownst to it, the soul remnants that sat around it were moving ever so slowly. Over a period of many of thousands of years each piece disappeared, and reappeared once more as a whole soul. Each soul blazed vibrantly with a different color, until it was absorbed back into the whole, forming an onion-like layer of color, protecting the inner core. 

As the fragments around it moved, the main soul itself was also active. While its mind was shut off, it automatically absorbed the surrounding magic power. It slowly expanded. Ever. So. Slowly.
Whoosh. A twinkling gateway open into the gloom, and air rushed past. It let pass one thing, a single solitary item, then shut without a trace. 

*             *             *


He wanted to cry. To scream, and run around. But his situation made that impossible. He was awake and aware, yet unable to twitch even a muscle. Vivid images of coma patients flashed through his mind, but he quelled them; refusing to let fear overpower him. 

It felt like months were passing, the time trickling by as he slipped in and out of consciousness. In the darkness he groped for some recollection about how he came to be in his current state. He realized that much of his recent memory was a blur. 

The only things he recalled were a few vague dreams; five in total. All alike, they featured a dragon. He tried to squint his eyes, realized he couldnt squint anything, and sighed internally. Sidetracked he almost forgot about the dreams, until they surfaced in his mind of their own accord. 

Picking one out of the mix, he examined it. Delving deeper, there was a sudden flash of crystal clarity as he was sucked into it. 

He was soaring into the sky with the power of his own gigantic wings. Hundreds of feet across, he could only be described as majestic. With a rudder-like tail steering him straight to the clouds, he broke through their flimsy barrier. 

His vision flashed white as damp vapor caressed his scales. Rising above the surface, residual trails of the cloud streamed from his snout and spines. The peachy sunrise was visible for a few seconds, as he hovered stationary above the world. 

With a quick flick of his powerful tail he plunged towards the ground once more. After he fell below the clouds, he folded his wings. Savoring the feeling of freedom and rushing wind, he urged the wind spirits around him to help accelerate his descent. When he was a trees distance from the ground he spread his wings and pulled up sharply. A growl emanated from his chest, and a heavy grating roar broke forth from deep inside him. He… 

EEEEKK. A sudden high pitched squeak broke his concentration. What was that?!? That couldnt have been me, right? Hesitantly he tried it again. Imagining the roar, gathering air into his vast lungs, and… 

EEEEKK. A smile snaked across his lips, or tried to at least. Until he realized an EEEEKK wasnt a sound that humans would, or even could, make. His heart started to race as panic set in.  Ok. Think about it rationally. Rationally. Ok, rationally. Either Im stuck, unable to move, surrounded by wild creatures, and somehow actually became one myself, he scoffed, or I am imagining the whole thing. 

He chuckled a little. Of course, thats what it was. Im imagining the whole thing. Soon enough Ill wake up in bed, and have some breakfast, and…  His thoughts trailed off into a fantasy. 

While the silly young dragon enjoyed his reverie, the rest of the house was in an uproar. The young master!, Aahh. and Is everything okay? were all echoing down the halls. A great number of scrabbling noises could be heard as many of the denizens of the mansion rushed towards the nursery wing. The lady of the house stood at the door, and warded almost everyone away. When the woman, a nursemaid, she was looking for arrived, she grabbed the arm of a trusted young maid and instructed her not to allow anyone else inside. She then took the middle-aged nurse maid into the enormous room and joined her husband. 

Whats happening? she interrogated her partner. Is my precious baby okay? Her eyebrows creased, bringing an air of tension to her striking face. The only thing betraying her worry was the fold in-between her slanted eyebrows. He reached his hand to her face and caressed her. Simultaneously they looked towards their child. He pulled her closer to himself and comforted her, arm resting around her elegant waist. 

Its alright. Our son has gotten to the age where his body is mostly developed. Although rare for dragons to speak, or even really move before a year, it is not completely unheard of. He is alright. We are alright. They clung to each other, praying that their son would be okay. 

The tiny dragon, who was lying on his cushion, heard what they were saying. He wrinkled his brow, and to his surprise, it actually moved. Although not much, it was still the first progress hed had in what seemed to be months. His access to his own body startled him, but not enough to completely distract him from the current happenings. 

He turned his attention back to the strange language his parents were speaking. To his surprise, with a little work he could understand it. He pondered for a moment, until their conversation brought to mind the dragon dreams hed just had. 

He tried to dive into another one of the dreams, like he had before. This time he had the specific goal of language in mind. He was amazed as the same sense of sereneness that hed had the last time appeared as he once more made contact with the strange vision. 

He cocked his head, surveying his new surroundings. He was sitting on a black chair, fairly cold to the touch. Underneath his booted feet there was a rug. It vaguely reminded him of the fantastic oriental rugs in his grandparents home. Across the small room there was a bookshelf the size of the wall stuffed to brim with all sorts of books, some in languages he couldnt make out. On the wall next to the gigantic bookshelf there was a window. It took up over half the space on the wall, and provided ample light to the room. 

A light cough broke him from the reverie and he noticed someone else in the room. Someone who looked like a human, but wasnt. He intuitively knew the strange person was a dragon. This person was teaching him how to speak the language his parents had just spoken. (Although the true name of the language was eloquent and noble, as befitting the race of high dragons, it shall just be called Draconian; for simplicitys sake.) After listening for a minute, it all came back to him. He finally knew there was no way this was a dream; one does not simply create an entire language while asleep. 

After confirming his suspicions about his current situation, he wrested himself from the flashback. The room shattered, and his mind returned to blankness. He felt far more tired than he should have. He tried to speak, or even squeak once more, but he found himself too exhausted to complete the task. Full of regret he slipped back into unconsciousness. 

*             *             *


Exiting the room hand in hand, the lord and his lady turned towards the maid waiting just outside the door. Grabbing her skirts she curtsied deeply, awaiting instructions. They were forthcoming. Summon the elders. Tell them to come for dinner. Tonight. Make sure they know its an emergency. The lord ordered, gesturing towards the door at the end of the hall. The maid bowed, and was preparing to go when the lady stopped her, adding a small provision to her orders. 

Only invite Elders Zim, Adir, and Gereon. The maid nodded, curtsied again, and left. The lady faced the Lord. Its best not to spread this too far. We dont know if we can trust everyone. The lord gave her a gently approving look, and kissed her on the cheek. She smiled endearingly, ruby lips curved gracefully, but they were still unable to hide the worry she felt. Even her typical impassive mask failed her. 

He tried to alleviate the pain she felt. The elders will tell us everything is perfectly fine. We have no cause to worry about Ezekiel. Even if… No, never mind. Hell be fine. He looked like he was going to continue, but she broke him off. 

I know. she said, giving him a thin smile. They should be arriving soon. They wouldnt dare be late, since it is us who summoned them. 

Yes, wed best get ready quickly. They held hands for a second longer, parting ways with only a slight reluctance. Their minds were filled with trepidation and hope alike.  
Hallo! Its me again, your lovely Narrator. In the previous chapter there was something I probably should have told you, but I was kind of busy. Sorry. Youre probably a bit confused now, on several fronts. What I should have mentioned is crucial to your understanding of dragons. 

The pace at which a race ages is dependent on several things, namely intelligence, environment, and lifespan. Humans have a childhood of about 15 years, orcs only 2 or 3 years, but dragons mature at about 50. For reference, a 25 year old dragon is about the same as a 10 year old human in terms of maturity and otherwise.  A 50 year old dragon is equivalent to a 20 year old human. So basically, anytime you see a young dragons age, divide it by 2.5 to get the human equivalent. 

Also, the aging of dragons it much more set than that of other races. While some humans mature earlier, and others never do, dragons follow a fairly set rate of mental and physical growth. Because of this, it is very, very rare to see a baby dragon who is more matured than they should be. 

Once an adolescent dragon goes through their second coming of age ceremony (the first at 25, and second at 50), they are officially considered an adult, and are allowed to participate in other aspects of their society. Interesting, right? 

Oh, one last thing, just a tidbit, really. Dragons, from the moment of conception take 5 years to be born. Some lesser dragons, like wyrms, are born like any other creature, but high dragons are much different. This world has a cycle of power every 5 years. High dragons are both born and conceived on the first month of this cycle, when the concentration of magical energy is many times higher than normal. 

This also means their awakening and coming of age ceremonies are also held at this same time, and all dragons are at the optimal age for awakening their latent elemental powers. Plus, with all the extra magic in the air, the ceremonies are much more likely to be successful. I wont go into more complex detail than this, because your real story is about to begin once more. 
Enjoy! 

*          *          *         

The Lord Dietrich sat in his grand office. The embossed wooden table in front of him was filled with neat stacks of paper. A large book sat open, but was ignored by its owner who was gazing out the window in contemplation. Although still slightly anxious, he was relieved that nothing was seriously wrong with his son. 

At barely three months the child was far young to even be moving, much less making noise. In the week or so since his first cry, nothing else out of the ordinary had happened. Even the elders had assured him that the shrieks were a good sign, showing early maturity and a promise of power. The man smiled, hoping his son would grow into a fine warrior and an even greater ruler. 

With small shake of his head he turned back to the documents on the table. He picked the book up, and flipped through it. As he was about to read, a stunning flash shot through both his consciousness and surroundings. 
*          *          * 
Ezekiel opened his eyes, feeling well rested from a long nap. He decided it was time to start doing something. He was pretty bored with just lying around. In fact,  he was unsure how long he had spent in his stupor-like state. He estimated it was anytime from six months to a year. 

A small shiver ran down his spine. What a strange feeling, knowing myself to be a baby. He discarded the thought, choosing instead to focus on the task at hand. I wonder if this will work.In the previous week and had skimmed over the memories from his previous time as a dragon. When he found what he was looking for, he immediately started to study it. 

His goal; human form. He knew, both from memory and the appearances of his family, that dragons were capable of shapeshifting. The soul and mind are the core of a dragon. Their corporeal body comes second. Dragons bodies are created from magic energy and the elements. A dragon is born with the ability to use those same energies, and the energies of their own soul, to change their shape into that of a human. This transformation was his goal. 

To his immense satisfaction, and after a week of determined practice, Ezekiel was able to move his small body at will. He pushed himself into a sitting position, and shut his eyes. 

The first step for any dragon to learn to control the elements and magic was to transform into a human, and bond their mind and soul. The first step to transform into a human was to sense ones own magic power (or, as he liked to call it, mana) and to control it. 

He observed the energies of the natural world. His previously dim minds eye slowly brightened. After a few moments of concentration, he was able to sense the luminous presence of magic power. 

Returning focus to his own body he mentally grasped hold of the strands of mana in his limbs. He willed them to twist and condense. He knew that the first time he switched bodies there would be a time, less than a second, when he would be without a body. At this time his soul and mind would connect, and he would be able to form another body for himself; a human body. He took a deep breath, and forced the thin strands of power to implode. 

A burst of pain, and it was over. 

Time slowed. 

The world around him was perfectly still, and he knew no time was passing. Compared to the rest of the world, his mind was moving at a million miles an hour. He could feel his mind and soul bonding together. He relished the feeling of completion it gave him. 

Euphoric, he once more grasped the strands of power, this time shaping them into the body of a young body. He used some of his own souls energy this time. Since he was fairly inefficient as utilizing his soul, as he was rather new to it, a smallish portion of his power escaped. 

Not enough for to make a difference in his project, but it might be enough for someone else to notice something was happening (or perhaps more than enough for someones attention to be drawn-- it released a wave of light and energy that spanned for miles). But he didnt have enough time to contemplate the potential repercussions. 

He was busy crafting his human body. It was in a type of embryonic state. Basking in a natural radiance, it started to look human. A torso formed, as did limbs, and a head. A nose took shape, and ten fingers and toes grew. Flawless, not even a belly button. Posed like the Da Vinci drawing, the semi-human shape was nothing more than a glob of magic energy. 

Ezekiel wondered if it was possible to add some of the elements to his new body. He willed them to help it take a solid shape around him. 
Something unexpected ensued when he drew attention from the elements. 

Before he could even figure out something unusual was happening, four glowing lights formed. An earthen yellow ball, a watery blue ball, a fiery red ball, and a transparent, vibrant clear-blue ball that danced like the wind. They blinked into existence at the four cardinal points around him, and started circling his body. 

They went faster and faster, leaving shimmering trails in their wake. The wind picked up, carrying with it small flakes of precious metals and gems. The temperature and humidity rose sharply as all the basic elements fought to display their power. Out of the blue in front of his chest appeared another pair of entities, orbiting each other like yin and yang. 

All six separate entities fought for the right to claim this marvelous child. They swerved and flew around the room, trailing behind them intense effects. If a piece of furniture was caught in the path of the red ball it would catch fire, but only for a short while because the pursuing blue ball would drench it. It might then be viciously dried off by the next pass of the wind elemental. Scenes like this happened in every corner of the huge room. 

When the flashy battle reached its climax, another elemental winked into existence. Far less conspicuous than the rest, this one let off no external signs of its existence. Its body was constantly shifting forms, without releasing any light or energy. However, its color was eye catching; like light streaming onto a dim forest floor through a thick canopy of leaves. 

As soon as it appeared above Ezekiels head, the frantic competition ceased. The rest of the elements widened their circle, and backed down respectfully. The voice of the greenish creature echoed inside the others minds. I lay claim to to this one. The rest of the elementals visibly dimmed, dissatisfied with the proclamation, but too intimidated to say it aloud. 

But, I will share. A confused aura spread from the other six balls of power. The wind finally worked up the courage to ask How? To which he got the reply Enter his soul. You will know.  

It warily edged closer to the yet unfinished body. Steeling itself, it slipped into the chest, close to the heart, of the small boy. When a miniscule ripple spread through the air, the rest of the elementals knew the impossible was possible. 

One by one they inserted themselves into the soul, until only three were left. Two of them, the pair of light and dark, asked the green one Are you sure you know what you are doing? Not waiting for a reply, they also went into the soul of the child. 

The green one smiled slightly to itself, knowing that it could only hope everything would all work out. No, thats not right. I shall not just sit back and watch. I will do everything I can to make sure that it will not come to pass. I am sorry child, but this is all I can do for you. 

To outside eyes a strange sight would have been seen. The green ball grew, and grew. Its shape kept shifting. A night-squirrel, a boar, a razor-tailed eagle, and finally a humanoid. Around its head there was a thin circlet of gold. 

It willed a part of its chest to separate. The missing part quickly reformed, but the small sphere remained floating in front of it. It raised its hands up to the small ball of energy. It siphoned some of its own power to create the new creature. 

For the final touch it closed its eyes. Concentrating deeply a small drop of gold floated out from its forehead. It drifted over to the ball hovering above its hands. When the golden drop and the green ball touched, and enormous amount of elemental and magic energy was sucked in. A great light was also released. 

Feeling faint, the large entity moved closer to the boy resting on the bed. It gently pressed the ball it was holding into the soul of the child. Looking down, satisfied but exhausted, the green elemental touched the chest of the child. 

It called any remaining elemental partials and magic energy in the room to take shape around the body. They settled into a set of beautiful robes, into which it imbued the remaining energy it possessed. Drained, the humanoid crumbled into the wind, which gently blew the quickly dissolving pieces out the window. 

The child opened his eyes, barely aware of what happened. He felt something strange had just occurred, especially when he looked down at the robes covering him, but he was unable to figure out what. He decided to the think about it later because he felt two presences rapidly approaching. 

His parents sped into the room. Rather, they practically materialized. The book his father had been reading was still held tightly in his grasp. Dietrick and Isoldes stricken faces displayed fear, relief, and surprise all at once. Dietricks eyes bulged and Isoldes delicate eyebrows shot up. Wha- wha- what is this?! his father stuttered,  breaking the momentary silence. 

Ezekiel, is that really you? his mother questioned. Ezekiel nodded his head. 

It is I, mother. Isolde swooned just a bit at his words; or at his ability to form them. 

He- he speaks as well. Dietrick mumbled to no one in particular. With mouths agape, their eyes were glued to the small figure who was dwarfed by his disproportionately large bed. 

*          *          * 

Unbeknownst to any of the palaces inhabitants, several gigantic shapes were flying towards it at breakneck speed. Twisting agilely to avoid any obstacles in their path, they were but shadows in the vast sky. Without fail, one thousand meters from the grand residence, they all dropped to the ground. Not taking the time to even pause, they shrunk to human size while racing through the forest. 

After entering the clearing surrounding the estate, they slowed. Taking a moment to neaten their skewed robes and make themselves presentable to the lord. They made eye contact. Nodding at each other slightly, they leapt towards the large nursery wing. It the only place spacious enough to fit a dragon who was yet unable to turn human, and also the place from which that immense burst of energy had emanated. 
Ezekiel sat on the bed flexing his new fingers. 

His parents stared wide eyed at him. From their expressions he could tell something was wrong. Am I scaly? he asked, with a worried countenance. Everyone shook their heads, nearly in unison. Well, am I missing something important, like a nose? He reached up and felt his face, while the others shook their heads once more. 

Well, what is it then!?! Their reactions vexed him. I can understand a bit of shock, but Ive never seen a person whose mouth is actually hanging open. Thinking over the ridiculous situation once more, he found it difficult to hold his laughter in. It probably wouldnt be appreciated with the current situation. 

Deitrick opened his mouth to speak Son… his voice wavered. He looked like he wanted to say more, but the words caught in his throat. A loud knocking sound rolled into the room. Enter. the lord called, both worried and relieved. 

Three sets of rapid footsteps could be heard coming down the hall. Moments later, a trio of rather haggard elders were standing in the door. As soon as they saw the lord, they knelt in unision. 
Our king, fare you well? We have felt a large disturbance in the natural forces. We worried you were under attack. a deep voice rung out. 

The lord, or rather, the king, gave a half smile. Rise. We remain safe, but see for yourself what happened. The elders slowly lifted their bowed heads. 

They gasped in unison as they surveyed the scene of destruction around them. The rug was in tatters, and small drifts of dirt and snow had piled up around the edges of the room. One window was not just shattered, but melted. Much of the wooden ceiling was charred, and several chairs had been reduced to charcoal. An alarmed feminine voice cut through the silence. 

Sire, what happened here? Deitrick and Isolde looked at each other. They locked eyes and gave a self deprecating laugh. Heh. See for yourself. Deitrick and Isolde stepped off to the side to let the elders get a better view of their son. The tension in the room rose as it anticipated their reactions. 

The three elders paced forward, the wise Adir in front, followed by the strong Gereon and the playful Zim. Walking up to the bed heightened their disbelief. 

Who is this child? Where is your son!? Adir demanded. Elder Zims eyes widened as he realized the implications. 

Is this him? The woman wanted to deny that fool Zims certain stupidity, until she saw her lords head bob a yes. The blood drained from her face. 

Its completely impossible! There is no way. Your son shouldnt even be able to sense magic, much less call upon it. Deitrick was a little glad that he wasnt the only one who had trouble accepting it. 

This is my son. I can feel it. Isolde replied, with an air of finality. 

I… Adir stumbled over her words. Zim, the most open of the group, chortled at her reaction. 

You look like a dead frog when you make that face, Adir. Her pale cheeks flushed. Everyone chuckled. 

A unique, mesmerizing laugh floated by their ears. The clear sound continued, even as the rest of the stopped. Everyone swiveled towards Ezekiel, who was holding his sides. His head tilted back in merriment. Zims mocking joke had been the last straw; all the tension and stress that had accumulated inside him was suddenly released. This rich burst of laughter had surprised even Zim. 

Does he understand what we are saying? Zim asked Deitrick, wide eyed. 

The boy answered, Of course, while wiping a tear from his eye, and I have to say, heh, she really does resemble a deceased frog. He found it hard to talk with a straight face. 

Adir blushed even more. She tried not to let it get to her, but even the king saw her embarrassment. Trying to shift the conversation Well, what do we do now? Her tone of voice chided the prankster. We cant let others know the heir to the throne is this powerful, lest it make him even more of an assassination target. Her words cut deep into the hearts of those surrounding. Any warmth left in the room swiftly fled. 

Ezekiel thought Throne? Assassins? What have I gotten myself into? Isolde clutched her husbands arm. 

Adir continued, We cant pretend nothing happened. Im sure all the residents of this mountain felt that wild burst of power. I dont know, but maybe the disturbance carried even further. Her somber voice startled sense back into everyone. An ominous feeling entered their hearts. 

Then Gereon spoke up from the background. His sonorous voice soothed his listeners frayed nerves. Let us say the lord and I were sparring. He stepped back, and waited for the lords decision. 

Deitrick thought for a moment and nodded, saying I understand. A battle between two powerful forces could easily account for a large release of magic energy. A fine idea. 

Adir, still peeved about being compared to a small slimy amphibian, proposed an alternate solution. I think we should say Zim fought with His Highness instead. Only Zim is stupid enough to let enough of his power go wild that it would cause that kind of shock wave. Gereon and I have nearly perfect control. We know how to fight without wasting energy. She looked pointedly at Zim. 

He stuck his tongue out, but Adir was the only one to notice. She sighed. Isoldes expression brightened. Alright. Let us do that. Plus, since both Zim and my Deitrick are here, it further corroborates the story. Her melodious voice settled any remaining contention. The mood lightened considerably once they had a plan. 

With creased eyebrows, Adir mentioned something else. Now that we have that  sorted out, can someone explain what exactly happened? With the prince, with his room, and also whatreally caused that huge flux of magic power? The other two elders nodded in agreement, and, to their surprise, so did Isolde and Deitrick. 

Following the couples lead, the elders turned towards Ezekiel. He sat up a little straighter, and scratched his head. Well, um, Im not really sure either. It probably wasnt a good idea to tell them everything he knew, although it wasnt much. He had the feeling that no one else was supposed to know about his extra lives. And he wasnt keen to share anything about the anomalies in his soul before he had had a chance to properly research for himself. And so, he fished for a suitable excuse. 

As though his dragon dreams agreed with his assessment, a condensed memory surfaced in his mind. He glanced over it, and smiled to himself. This will work. 

I dont remember much, but I vaguely remember meeting someone. I couldnt see what he looked like, but he had a raspy voice, like he was in great pain. He said he would give me his inheritance, and then I felt a flood of his memories. Ezekiel tried to sound as naїve as possible.

Even Isolde gasped. You, you were given hereditary memories?! To them, this was nearly as stunning as Ezekiel being able to human-form. 

Hereditary memories were given only to the most promising, and lucky, of dragons. The new soul had to be born at the exact same moment the old soul was dying. If the older soul accepted and liked the younger, it would bestow upon it some power and memories, often calling it an investment, or an inheritance. 
Logically, this was quite rare; hence the reaction from Ezekiels audience. 

This is amazing! Deitricks awed face expressed his sincerity and joy. This was a great boon upon his son, and his family. Hereditary memories would give those who possessed them a head start in nearly all aspects of life. Forgotten in his joy was the fact that hereditary memories only helped a child once they were old enough to understand them; an age which his son had not yet obtained. 

Dietrick gently lifted Ezekiel into the air, and tossed him high above his head. Ezekiel was startled by his fathers exuberant reaction, one he hadnt felt for twenty years, but he remained calm all the same. This caused everyone to give him another strange glance. They dismissed his uncanny awareness and calm, deciding he was just a strange child. 

Only Adir refused to accept his scant explanation. But that doesnt explain why youre so, so big! You look like a 7 year old dragon 3 year old human would, if they were able to human form that early. How did you gather the required energy? 

Gather the energy? Ezekiel looked questioningly at her.  

Exasperated, she sighed. Yes. With the air of a school teacher she continued: While a childs control over their magic usually isnt good enough to make the change to human form, that isnt the reason why it is so rare for babies do it. 

It is their lack of magic power that limits them. They need sufficient magic power to complete the transformation. A person is usually born without any power held in their soul. They then train until they have power. Only after that can they human form. Ezekiel gave her a skeptical look. 

Ok. Think of it like this. Imagine your soul is a room. When you are born, your soul room is filled with useless dirt and rubble. You must train to clear that room, inch by inch. The size of this room is equal to your talent, or potential. Once you hit the wall, that is as far as your talent can go; it is equivalent to hitting a wall during training. Once, or if, you do clear out the whole room, it is possible to expand it, but at a much greater difficulty than before. Even if, in your entire life, you only add a fraction of an inch to the room, it means you have improved the talent and potential of your soul - forever. 

Alright, that makes sense. But how does the quantity of magic power factor into this? 

Pretend the roof above your soul room is rather leaky. Water drips in, usually at a constant rate (it goes up if you are somewhere with a higher density of magic energy, or if you mediate). The water slowly fills up the empty space in the room. Your goal is to make empty space for that water, or power. The more water that fits into your room at once, the bigger your power reserves are. Even if you use it all up, it will replenish itself over time; just like the water from a leaky roof. Adir smiled, rather pleased with her description. 

Ezekiel nodded again, expressing his appreciation for explanation. Thanks. he yawned. Even though he felt like an adult inside, his body (human shaped or not) was still that of a child. 

Isolde noticed his exhaustion, and started to shoo the guests from the room. Adir was reproachful of the unceremonious exit she was forced to take, but would never, ever, talk back to her king or queen. 

Zim grabbed hold of her reluctant elbow, and dragged her from the room. Gereon followed, and Deitrick felt sorry for his chaperone-like responsibilities. 

Deitrick showed the elders to the door, closing it tightly behind them. Turning, he walked back down the hall. He paused right outside his sons room. He took a deep breath, and opened the door with the same feeling as diving into a lake.
After Deitrick left the room with the elders, Isolde listened to their footsteps grow distant. She looked down at the child in her arms. His eyelids were drooping, nearly covering up his eyes golden shimmer. She stroked his shiny golden hair and kissed his forehead. He yawned, looking up at her with peculiar awareness. She smiled back down at him. 

Isolde squeezed him close. His steady breathing revealed he was sound asleep. Her heart felt like it was going to burst. I am so thankful for you, my baby. I love you so much. So, so much.The door opened, interrupting her thoughts. 

The door opened and Deitrick walked in with a resolute look on his face, ready to brave whatever came next. He opened his mouth to talk to his son, but Isolde lifted her finger to her lips. Shhh. Hes asleep, she whispered. Deitrick wanted to hide his face in his hands; what had he expected? No matter how mature he seemed, his son was still only a baby. 

Isolde, what should we do now? No. Dont answer that, well think about it later. Lets just go to sleep. Im exhausted, and it looks like little Ezekiel is too. 

Alright. I could use a good nights sleep before trying to work everything out. But where should Ezekiel sleep? This room is an absolute mess. She gestured with her chin, pointing out the terrible state the bedroom was in. 

His small body makes things easier. You know the only reason we needed a nursery, especially one this large, was to fit our baby while he was still too young to human form-- and too large to fit in the rest of the house. Since that problem is solved, he can sleep in any of the main rooms. 

How about the west wing? Isolde pondered. 

Its also a mess right now. 

I know, but it is the place we thought he would stay when he got older. A few stacks of old books and some dust are easily solvable problems. Its best not to change a childs sleeping quarters too much, right? Plus, hell be closer to us that way, she contested. He smiled and shook his head. 

Alright. If you think thats best. The west wing it is. He didnt dare argue with her. In matters of the country he had no rival, but she ruled over everything else. She headed towards the door, carrying Ezekiel on her hip. He wrapped his arm around her child-free half and gave her a kiss on the cheek as she passed him. She blushed but kept walking. 

Come on, lets go. 

*          *          *

She peaked through the sliver of an open door that led to the main bedroom in the lower west wing, where Ezekiel was now sleeping soundly. 

He was completely passed out, his tiny body sprawled over the bed. She smiled, watching his chest rise and fall, and hearing the soft sounds of his snores. She was certainly worried about what had happened, but her sons safety mattered foremost. Since he was safe and secure, she could rest easy. 

She shut the door quietly and peddled down the hall, doing her best to avoid making any noise. She crept into the main house, before lengthening her stride and moving normally. She grabbed hold of one of the senior housekeepers and instructed her the make sure no one bothered her baby while he was sleeping. 

Once she had that taken care of, she headed off to her own room. She rounded the corner and pulled open her door. Her husband caught her and gave her a peck on the cheek, before continuing to prepare for bed. 

He closed the burgundy curtains over the window while she lit the candles scattered around their bed. Deitrick looked over his shoulder at her while taking off his ornate sash. I think I should ask again, do we have any idea what to do now? Is our son really this talented, is there something wrong with him? Even his fatherly pride couldnt stretch so far as to brush away such a unique occurrence of a baby, a baby, being able to walk, talk, and, most importantly, use magic energy. 

There werent warning signs of this either. He struggled into sleep clothes while still talking. I guess, he did make a squeak a week or so ago, but that isnt completely unheard of. Your nephew did the same, right? I mean, he turned out to be very talented, but nothing like Ezekiel!

He turned towards her and they moved to their respective sides of the bed. He bent down and started to fold his covers back, but Isolde just stood there, hands behind her back. The candlelight flickered across her face, illuminating her high cheek bones and casting shadows flickering across her jaw. 

He glanced up at her, and she started to speak. Honey, Love, there is something I should have told you. I, hmmm, at the time I didnt think it to be important. Or rather, I didnt think it to be real. She started gesturing with her hands to explain. I mean, by the time I got up, it was all normal, he was normal, everything was fine. He stood. 

Its okay, Isolde. Just say it. 

Alright, well, it was about four months ago, when Ezekiel hatched. You know, all dragons of royal lineage have golden scales, right? Of course Ezekiel does too. But, but he didnt at first. Now, most dragons have scales the color of their attributed element, or occasionally something like purple or white. 

And a few dragons can change their color; the dragons with multiple attributes. Usually the shift isnt much, just a change in shade or intensity, but, rarely, its a full color switch. Well,uh, Ezekiel isnt like that. I could have been dreaming, but in light of recent events, its becoming more likely that what I saw was true. 

She continued while Deitrick walked around the bed to her. He sat down,  pulling her with him. Dearest. I know all this. What does it have to do with our son? 

She sniffed, I didnt get a perfect look, and even now it seems like it was a dream, but our son looked, looked... he looked very strange when he was born. Mesmerizing. When he just hatched, I picked him up and set him down on his cushion. When I got him all cleaned up, I realized he wasnt gold, like you or I, or the rest of our families. 

I thought I was dreaming then because I knew there was no way that a non-golden dragon was our son; the only blood that flows through his veins is royal. At the very least he should be a murky golden color! Anyways, when I looked down at him, I couldnt look away. His body was silver, but not like the metal. More like a silver-plated mirror. His scales were like crystal, so clear, that against his silver skin they looked silver themselves. Until he shifted, and they rippled, shifting just enough for me to tell they were perfectly colorless. 

Even more unbelievable was what happened on his scales. While I was watching him I noticed streaks of color flashing across his body. Like miniature lightning strikes, they ran from his snout, through his scales, and up to the tip of his tail. These this small flashes were so thin, and so fast, that they were nearly impossible to see. While I was watching I caught sight of a red one, a deep blue, and darkish one (it was the easiest to see because it seemed to suck all the light from the area surrounding it). 

Im really sorry, I should have said something earlier, but I promise, I thought I imagined the whole thing. Especially when I woke up the next morning, and his scales were a vibrant gold, just like us. Just like they should be. She seemed close to tears. 

The accumulated stress, from having a baby, to the panic she had just described, to what happened today, made it difficult for her to keep it together. Deitrick lifted her off the bed. He kissed her on the forehead, then the cheek, then on the lips. 

Im not mad, alright? And Ezekiel is going to be fine. Remember, most of this is the result of his hereditary memories hahahahahahah!-- Narrator. We can get everything sorted out tomorrow. He rolled down her covers and guided her under them. He pulled comforter back up again, tenderly tucking it around her. 

The most important thing right now is to sleep well so we can wake up refreshed and ready to make a plan. Comprendo? 

Hmmm. She nodded. He turned to leave, but she grabbed his hand. She reached up and gripped hold of the collar of his night shirt. She tugged him closer to her, and he leaned over, until his nose almost touched hers. She lifted her head a little higher and whispered in his ear. 

Thank you, Love. Im so grateful to have you. I dont know what Id do if I didnt. She smooched his cheek, then shoved him teasingly away. Now go to bed! He smiled, glad at her change of mood. 

Ah, you cruel, cruel wife. Not letting me do anything. How mean of you. He joked. 

Aish. Just go to sleep, Im far too tired. She waved him towards his side of the bed and rolled over so she faced towards the wall. He climbed into bed and pulled the blankets up. Good night. 

Sleep tight. She commanded the water elements in the room to gather above the candles. One by one, she ordered the water-energy to condense and put out the tiny flames. She did it so deftly that she avoided getting the wicks wet. She exhaled slowly, and fell into a deep slumber.
*Yawn* I hate it when I have to narrate in the middle of the night; even I rest too, you know! Moving on, I have a rather important bit for you today about the nature of magic 

Of course, I could just explain it to you, but Id rather have a bit of fun first, hehe. I decided to give you this bit of an explanation as an excerpt from a rather long-winded and annoying book about the utilization of the mysterious and magical parts of our wonderful world, or so it states in the seventeenth paragraph of the third authors note. It was written a very long time ago by some important scholar of Ezekiels new world, and I found it hilariously tedious. 

Like many other remarkable aspects of life, control over the natural world varies from being to being, and race to race. The Fair races, who, through some spells another, have become one with their souls, have the ability to directly commune with the elements. This command of the element in which they are attributed allows them to cause it to follow their will, using only a bit of their magic energy as sacrifice. The benefits of channeling are low consumption of magic power and a high level of detail. A user can give elements specific and elaborate commands. It is, however, limited to a persons attributed element, and the total amount of the element they could control depends only on their affinity. 

Other species whom are not in sync with their souls, like humans, must resort to the use of magic and incantations. To accomplish the same goal, a witch or wizard much use more than double the amount of magic energy as one who can directly commune with their element. 

The advantage of magic, however, is its diversity. A water attributed wizard can use a fire spell, but a water attributed Dryad cannot channel the element of fire. Those who cant sense the elements directly with their souls can cause physical changes in the world by bending elements to their will under the force of their magic. 

They cast already prepared spells, which significantly lowers their precision. A wizard can choose to create his own spell, but always runs the risk of it backfiring and killing or injuring him (pg 7770). 

To paraphrase: dragons ask the elements to do something, and humans force them to (expending a lot of energy in the process). 

Id love to stay and chat, but my nap beckons. I shall see you again later. 

*          *          * 

Screeeech Ezekiel started awake. Through a crack in the curtains he saw a branch brushing across his window panes, making a ghastly noise. Discombobulated, he blinked at his dark room. Or rather, the room he was in. Not his room. 

Where am I? What happened? He thought back on the day. He remembered so far as the elders leaving the house, but the rest was blank. I must have conked out after using up all my magic energy. 

Ezekiel shuddered. His mouth was all dry and he felt sore all over. Stretching and sighing, he crawled to the side of the bed and swung his legs over the edge. Then he hopped off onto the floor. 

Yawning, he scratched the back of his head. He padded over to the window, with his long robe swishing around his bare feet. The floor was just barely visible where the thin strip of moonlight fell. Although he could see most of his path, it was still difficult to keep from tripping over the stacks of books scattered about the room. 

He reached the window. He drew the curtains back and stood tiptoe so he could peer outside. The ground was blocked from view, but when he peaked at the sky a sigh of amazement escaped him. 

Since there was no light pollution like Ezekiel was used to here, the night sky was pristine. Through the branches of a giant tree, he could see thousands of small twinkles, many of them colored purple. The absolute quiet and stillness exaggerated the effect of this marvelous view. 

Another Screeeech broke the mood. Ezekiel remembered why he had gotten up. Glancing downwards, he searched for a large book. When he found one titled City of Savages: The Underwater Life of E. Remmings, he heaved the gargantuan thing underneath the window pane and set it down. 

He stood on top of the thick book and reached to unlatch the window, flinching as the branch dragged against the glass again. He pulled open the window and grabbed at the branch. He gently snapped the willowy limb, and shut the window. The silence was blessed. 

He drew the curtains, plunging the room into darkness the rs. He paused for a moment to allow his eyes to adjust, then made his way back to the bed. He set the branch he was still holding onto the bedside table before crawling back into bed. As he slipped under the covers, he knew sleep would come reluctantly. 

After ten minutes of tossing and turning he gave up. He massaged his pillow against the headboard so he could sit upright. 

Sleep had fled completely from his consciousness, and he was now wide awake. He felt like he had just drunk several cups of coffee. He estimated it was about two in the morning, but he couldnt be sure since didnt know if his body clock had adjusted properly to this world, of if the two worlds even shared the same length of day. 

He let out a deep breath, calming himself. He tried to get his mind in order. He organized what he had learned so far, both from the dragon memories, and what had happened earlier that day.

The most interesting thing that stuck out to him was the possibility of magic, or to control the elements. Previously, he had known there was no possibility of him utilizing the aforementioned, since he hadnt had access to his soul. But his soul was deeply connected to his consciousness now, and he could use it at will. 

He tried to access the memories that he had from the other dragons, and he could, but they seemed oddly faint. He brushed his concern away, deciding to think about it during the day. 

Instead, he wanted to try using magic! Looking over the vague chunks of memory he realized that there were six elements: fire, water, wind, earth, light, and dark. Each of the five dragons from his memory had a different attribute, except for the fifth, who had both light and dark. They had all been extremely powerful in their own times, able to command enormous amounts of their respective elements with great precision. He grinned, imagining how awesome his counterparts had been. 

While searching over the memories in detail, he realized there were different kinds of magic, or what the people of earth would call magic. First, there was the fairly simple type that dragons used. 

The person using this type of magic communicated directly with the elements. They asked the element to do their bidding, and in return gave a bit of their magic power. The other type, supposedly used by humans, wasnt recorded in detail in the memories. 

The first step to any type of magic of channeling was magic power. So this is what Ezekiel looked for first. After his soul and mind connected, he could always sense the status of his magic reserves in the back of his mind. 

Now he consciously focused on it. While keeping in mind what Adir had said earlier, about magic power being stored in a special space or room in the mind, he checked his soul room. 

All the cleared space in this room was full of magic energy, but Ezekiel could tell his current maximum was only a fraction of what he has used the previous day to create his human body. He couldnt be sure, but his best guess was that he, for some reason, had absorbed excess magic energy from somewhere. 

Like Adir would have said, his soul room used to be full of mud, but all the water, or magic energy, got wrung out of it when he made his human body. Now it was like anyone elses soul room; magic energy only fills the parts he cleared. He was both grateful that he had a goodly sized amount of magic energy at present, and disappointed that it was significantly less than before. He shook it off, and set his sights on a new goal.   

Before he jumped right in, he took a moment to familiarize himself with the process of channeling an element. He was about to call on one to do something, until he realized he didnt know which one, or what he wanted it to do. Id better take a moment and do some soul searching he thought. 

Focusing again, he closed his eyes. After concentrating for several moments he could sense the presence of his soul. He grinned at his success. From the memories he had, he knew that a persons soul was the color of their attribute, and the level of vibrancy and transparency correlated to the level of the attribute (the murkier the color, the lower the affinity). 

He awakened his soul sense, and the elements and magic power around him flickered into view. The strange sensation was like a veil being lifted, and suddenly being able to see clearly. It was quite invigorating. 

He to feel the attribute of his soul in the same way he felt his magic power, but he kept getting mixed signals. Confused, he turned the gaze of his soul sense inwards, and focused it on his own soul. When he peaked inside at it, he saw something quite unexpected. 

His soul was encircled by a layer of perfectly clear lighting blue that shone brightly. Beneath that layer there was a fiery orange-red layer, also absolutely transparent. The strange thing was they didnt blur each other out, but, depending on which he focused on, each shone clearly and brightly. 

He probed deeper, and another color came into view; a deep blue. Beneath that he felt one more, a yellowish color that gave off a feeling of stability. He wondered what the slew of colors meant, could it possibly signify that he had more than one attribute, and that they were all very strong? 

Searching for the answer, he peered even deeper into the soul. He jolted upright when he saw what happened next. The fifth layer of his soul was very different than the others. Instead of giving off a feeling of its own, it altered the rest of the soul. One half of his soul started to shine many times brighter than before. All the colors flashed about, invigorated by the sudden light. 

The other half seemed to suck in all light. The layers of soul covering it retained their colors, but gave off no signs of their existence. The whole effect was like a multicolored lighthouse, spinning round and round on a cloudy day. 

This is where Ezekiel stopped scrutinizing his soul. He could feel it held more secrets, but it didnt want to relinquish them. It was like there was a wall after the fifth layer of his soul, preventing him from seeing any deeper. 

It was of little consequence, at least for the moment. Ezekiel had discovered what he had wanted to know; which element (or elements) he had an affinity with. 

Although he had several options, he chose to first try the perennial favorite: Fire. Not only was it thought of as the easiest element to use, but he was a dragon. And everyone on his previous world knew that dragons breathe fire. 

Although he was certainly attached to the idea of being able to shoot fire from his mouth, he decided to start simple. He picked up the branch from his bedside table. He was going to try and light the tip, just the tip, on fire. 

He took a deep breath. He accessed the magic power in the back of his mind. In one go, he let out his breath. At the same time he willed the fire elements surrounding the branch to ignite it. 

Owwww! He dropped the burning branch. It glowed bright orange and blue for just a moment, before it turned almost entirely to ash. From the scalding pile of charcoal and dust stilling on the bedspread rose a flickering tongue of flame. 

Shoot, shoot, shoot! What do I do? He grimaced while panicking. He tried to pat it out, but the flames had spread to far. Then he remembered the deep blue in his soul, the water attribute. He speedily calmed himself, and called upon the elements again. This time he told the water elements in the room to condense and extinguish the blaze. 

As if from a great bucket, a rush of water fell from midair. Not just on the fire-affected area of the bed, not just on the bed, but every nook and cranny of the room was soaked. Ezekiel raised an arm in protest, but it fell limply to the ground. Oops. Big oops. Really really big oops. He couldnt believe he just did that. He raised his soggy head and shook it, In the middle of doing so, an immense lethargy suddenly hit him. It suddenly felt difficult to breathe, much less get up. He started to snore, even while sitting up. 

And so fell a very soggy boy, onto a very soggy and charred bed. With no reserves of magic energy, this boy would not wake until a pair of considerably less soggy, but quite startled parents rudely woke him with a pair of rather loud shouts.
Good morning. I believe we left off with a very soggy boy and his non-soggy parents. Heh. I hope you enjoy. 

*          *          * 

Eeek! A sound of disgust escaped Isoldes mouth when the thick carpeting squelched under her slippered foot. 

What happened here? Deitrick asked in confusion, while peering over her shoulder into the wet room. His first instinct was to check to roof for a leak, but then realized that no matter how big a leak, it wouldnt let in this much water. Plus, it hadnt rained the previous night. His eyes instinctively moved towards his unique son. They widened when reaching the bed. 

His eyebrows shot up when he saw the tattered and blacked blankets. When Isolde saw she rushed over to Ezekiel who was dead asleep on the bed. She was shouting thing like My baby. My poor baby, the whole time, all while dodging the waterlogged stacks of books. She gave a spectacular flying leap over her last sodden obstacle and landed nimbly by her sons side. 

Her eyes teared up as Ezekiel lay still. She grasped his hand. Oh little Zekie, are you alright? she sniffed, answer me my baby. Deitrick walked over to her side, also becoming a bit fearful. 

Then Ezekiel abruptly opened his eyes and said. Oh. Hello. Good morning. He waited for a response, when none was forthcoming he continued. Whats for breakfast? Im starving. His stomach grumbled, proving his point. 

Isolde almost fell over. Deitrick chuckled at her speechlessness. Alright, little monster, well tell the cooks to whip up a feast. Still infected by an unseemly merriment he grabbed his wifes listless hand and guided her from the room. Their silhouettes walking down the wall bore a sharp contrast between a mothers drooping shoulders, and a fathers heaving with laughter.   

Once his parents left, Ezekiel looked over the mayhem that was his room. He got out of bed and scratched his stomach like an old man. He bent down and touched his toes, and the reached up and stretched his back. He did a few more exercises to work the stiffness from his body. 

He bounced over to the large wardrobe in the corner, hoping to find some clothes that would fit him. When passing in front of a large mirror, just next to the wardrobe, an unexpected black reflection drew his attention. The figure in the mirror turned with him, and suddenly he was looking into his own eyes. 

This was the first time seeing his own image after arriving in this world. Piercing golden eyes, shimmery golden hair, and a well proportioned face made his lean figure quite eye catching. The thing that confused him more than the reflection, was the robe he was wearing. He didnt remember ever putting one on, and his parents certainly didnt; there just wasnt enough time for them to find one that fit him. Especially one so elaborate. 

The robe was a made of a thick material that felt slightly cool to the touch. It felt as if it was made of water. The back brushed the floor, but the slippery black fabric wasnt wet at all, even after dragging through the remaining puddles on the carpet. 

Ezekiel fingered the six golden buttons at the top. They were arranged much like a double-breasted jacket from his previous world. The two layers of the front overlapped until mid-thigh, where they sloped away from each other and fell separately to his sides. This left his knees and lower legs, clad in the black material, exposed. 

The sleeves went a good couple of inches past his fingertips, and were very wide. The strangest parts of the vestment were two symmetrical strips of cloth attached to his collar of either side of the buttons. It looked a little like the thing some of the priests of his previous world wore, a stole, but it was attached to the clothing itself. 

It was very narrow at the top, but got wider and wider towards to bottom, it ended in a point which made it look like a really stretched-out rhombus. From each point dangled a small teardrop of red crystal that shone when caught in the light. 

Originating in a yellowish diamond shaped patched at the end, there climbed up the heavy strips of cloth two green vines, interspersed with vibrant flowers and golden leaves . The two vines twined gracefully together. 

The background of each was a pale blue, bordering on white. The rest of the robe was black, except the edges which were rimmed by a thin strip of dark blue. When Ezekiel walked, the robe flowed majestically behind him. 

He grimaced a bit at the impractical costume. Although it was certainly becoming, it would make it difficult to move. I would much rather have a nice set of trousers, and a good shirt,  he thought for a moment. The clothing around him responded to the wish. The cloak shrunk into the shape of a loose black jacket, and underneath was a crimson shirt. 

His black pants flared at the ends and grew a pair of pockets. Around his waist wound a light blue sash, heavily resembling the strips of fabric attached to the collar of the previous robe. Two heavy yellow tassels hung from its ends, and the familiar green and gold flickered in its folds. 

Startled, but no longer doubting the oddities of this world, Ezekiel sighed. Its better, I guess. Still a bit flashy for his liking, but no longer as ridiculous as before, Ezekiel turned to make his way from the room. 

A knock at the door signaled a visitor. Yeah? Come on in. A simply dressed maid entered and bowed. Ezekiel was a bit disappointed at her garb of plain pants and a uniform jacket, but knew it was functional. Unlike the frilly skirts and aprons of the ideal maid back on Earth. What is it? he asked. 

Ive been told to show you to the table. She promptly explained: Please follow me. Ezekiel nodded and moved toward the open door. Once he exited the maid ushered in several others (who were dressed in light blue uniforms). Curious, Ezekiel glanced back over his shoulder at them. They were all using minor wind spells, or channeling the wind element, to dry out his room. One young man was flipping through an old book, carefully drying each page. 

Neat. Ezekiel muttered. The maid motioned for him to continue walking, and so he did. 

After walking several minutes through a maze of corridors, the maid gestured towards a pair of double door. She bowed, and signaled for him to enter. Ezekiel meekly pushed open the doors, his head barely reaching the handles, and stepped inside. 

The room was much less grand than he had expected of a palace, until he realized it was a private dining hall. The one for events was closer to the entrance of the building. Although the room wasnt overly adorned, it was quite beautiful. With a coffered ceiling, and paneled walls, it had a very comfy feeling. 

He walked over to the smallish table at which his parents were seated. A man standing behind the, walked around the table, and pulled out a chair for him. Ezekiel climbed onto it, but his head barely rose above the top of the dining table. 

Holding back a chuckle at the childs undignified expression, Deitrick called to the man to grab Ezekiel something to sit on. He returned with a firm pillow and placed it on the vacant seat. Afterwards, he had to lift Ezekiel onto it. 

You may leave. Isolde told the man. Once he was gone, she looked at he son. She searched for something to say to break the silence, but someone else interrupted her. Or rather something. A grumbling sound filled the room. 

Ezekiel said Im hungry. Leave it to a child to ignore an awkward atmosphere. Deitrick smiled. 

We should eat something then, shouldnt we? The other two nodded. Deitrick called for food. Three people came out, each carrying a couple of dishes. The platters were set down and uncovered, and the servants left the room quietly. Ezekiel started drooling while looking at the slew of delicious seeming dishes. Breakfast food had always been his favorite, and it looked to be similar here to his previous world. Only it was less pre-packaged and frozen now. 

Deitrick and Ezekiel said Yum! in unison. They then both reached for the purple sausages. Before she realized what she was doing, Isolde slapped her husbands outstretched hand and gave a pointed look at her son. 

For goodness sake! Use the serving spoons. She chided. They looked meekly at her. Ezekiel slowly changed the trajectory of his hand, and reached for the long metal handle. He scooped as a few sausages before passing it to his father. 

Deitricks good humor was infectious as they looked at each other and broke out laughing. Were already like a real family, Deitrick laughed, while Isolde blushed at her actions. 

Sorry. She stared at her plate. She shook it off, and stretched out her delicate arm for the spoon. I want some too. 

Ezekiel smiled. Back on his previous world his family was distant, and he didnt get many scenes like this. He watched his parents jokingly bicker for a moment, before diving into fray. He daringly grabbed what looked like a slice of boiled potato from a plate with his bare hands, but his mother caught him. While he was distracting her, his father reached for a gigantic egg, also bypassing the serving utensils. Hehe he chuckled waving it in Isoldes face. I got one. She harrumphed and flicked a bit of water at him, manipulating some from her glass to fly at him using magic energy. 

No fair! Thats a foul. While his father was complaining, Ezekiel quickly stocked up on a fair portion of food before his mother saw him again. He also got a good dousing. 

The meal continued much in this fashion. When everyone was too stuffed to play around, the mood quieted. 

So… Deitrick started anything you want to explain? He asked Ezekiel. Isolde also looked at Ezekiel. They didnt suspect he was behind the crazy mess in the nursery, or in his room. Both places showed signs of more than one element. Plus, only someone who had gone through the awakening ceremony could channel an element. 

Ezekiel would much rather not say anything, especially about having multiple attributes. He knew that the more people who knew, the more danger he was in. At least before he was strong enough to protect himself. He also didnt want people, especially his family, to think he was a monster. 

Ezekiel frowned looking at the serious faces of his parents. His reluctance to explain was overpowered by a thirst for answers, and a wish to develop his skills. 

With his parents influence it would be much easier to gain access to important people and documents that may explain why he was the way he was. Additionally, by giving this information to his parents, he would be provided with top notch instructors and be able to start exploring this world without having to wait until he was fifty.   

He sucked in a mouthful of air. The anticipation in the room rose as he pondered what to say. Not too much, but they deserved some information. 

Well, Im not sure what really happened. It was true, mostly. He tried to act as much as a child as he could. Ever since I was born Ive been trying to decipher the strange memories I had. Again, more or less true, but his parents thought he was referring the the made-up hereditary memories. It was like yesterday I suddenly understood something. I really wanted to be able to move around and I realized there was a way to do that; transform into a human. I used some of the magic power I had, and followed the instructions in the memories. Thats about it. 

We understand that much. But what about the elemental mayhem in both your rooms? Deitrick questioned. 

I… Im not sure, really. My guess is as good as yours about the nursery; when I woke up in my human form the destruction had already happened. His parents didnt look satisfied, but that faded from their faces and was replaced by awe when he said: 

And about this morning. That was me. I tried to use the elements, but my control wasnt very good. He shrugged, not happy about having failed. 

To a casual observer, it would look like two parents chiding their son because Ezekiels eyes were downcast and his head hung. Instead it was Ezekiel who was disappointed in himself. The parents were awed by the insane ridiculousness of his statement. Here was a child, perhaps unparalleled in all of dragon history, that was disappointed in a small mistake while doing something even they couldnt do. Once it sunk in, the protests started. 

Thats impossible. Disregarding the claim of multiple elements, even if it was just one you wouldnt be able to use it yet! You havent gone through the awakening ceremony. Isolde prodded. Ezekiel felt like he was one trial as he searched for an explanation. Instead, Deitrick replied. 

Not necessarily true. There have been cases where a young dragons elemental affinity was forcibly awakened when they were exposed to great amounts of magical and elemental energy. Yesterday we rushed to the nursery because we felt a huge power emanating from it. It it possible for his abilities to have been awoken by that.  Deitrick answered Isolde. 

Alright. She shook her head. I wont even mention the amount of the water element he was able to control. But what about the bedspread? Water... Water wouldnt cause burning. How could he have an affinity to two elements? Isolde looked at Deitrick for an answer. 

Ezekiel just smiled secretly Its a lot better than that, mom he thought. 

Again, there have been cases. Very rare cases, when a person has affinity to two elements. Usually one element is dominant, and the other just a minor affinity. But still, that would explain some of what happened with Ezekiel. He probably accidentally used his minor fire affinity, and in his panic tried to put it out using the water element. 

Okay. She hesitated. But I still find it hard to believe. Ive never met someone with two elements before. 

I guess our son is just special. Deitrick grabbed her hand, and they looked fondly at Ezekiel. 
Im a little scared. Ezekiel thought, watching his new parents. After eating, they were properly fueled to go into crazy parent mode. Having discovered their sons amazingness, they started to establish a plan of attack. Namely picking him up, spinning around, and squealing loudly. 

Or at least Deitrick did. Isolde sniffled in the background, wiping profound tears from her eye. My baby! and My little Ezekiel! were thrown about chaotically (both the words, and the person). 

Ezekiel squirmed in his fathers arms. Too… much… love! he gasped out, struggling to breathe. Deitrick disappointedly placed Ezekiel back onto the ground. Ahem. He cleared his throat, attempting to gather his remaining dignity. He had never been one for flashy actions or people, usually remaining calm and collected. The current situation was a bit outside his comfort zone. 

Isolde pursed her lips, and asked the question they were all thinking. Sooo… What do we do now? 

Deitrick answered soothingly, Well figure something out. Nothing is too much for me! He then spoke to Ezekiel, in a confidential tone, You are my heir, so something special is to be expected of you. 

Isolde shook her head. Perhaps not this much, but youre right. My Ezekiel should be treated properly. We should call in all the best teachers. He needs a well rounded academic education, someone who can help him learn to use the fire element, someone to teach him to fight. She paused, her eyes glowing. I can teach the water element myself. You know Im good enough! Isolde grinned, excited at the chance to get close to her son. 

Yes, honey. Of course I would have no one but you school him in the art of water channeling. There are few teachers more qualified in the whole world. However, I disagree with the rest of your plan, Deitrick rebutted. Perhaps something so showy isnt the best. When the elders were here, we decided to cover up Ezekiels skills. No one else knows he is even here. Even the palace staff still believe he is a normal baby sleeping in the nursery. 

I suppose he would be safer like that, but what about the teachers? 

Think of it like this: He is less than a year old. Normal dragons dont even start their education until they are about 10. For the time being, we can keep it simple. He can learn from you, and from books. We could probably call in one teacher to help with general learning, but no one else. 

It would be hard to explain one person learning from two teachers with different elemental affinities. Even if they didnt know he was our son, that would still make Ezekiel a target for enemies of our state. Deitrick finished. 

Isoldes brows crinkled. What you say does make sense. Even if he doesnt start formal education for a while, he will still have a huge head start. He can probably practice his fire magic by himself, since many of the principals I will be teaching him apply to the other elements. 

Now for the next question: how do we explain it all? Ezekiel is clearly going to stay in the palace, but how do we draw suspicion away from him and explain his presence? Isoldes question made Deitrick frown. 

He is far too young to be practicing channeling. There is no way anyone would believe a one-year-old would be able to use the elements. Even if he does look slightly older than he is, he still looks at most five years old as a human baby he looks about 2 years old--this is how a 5 year old dragon would look if they could human form. 

He stopped, looking at his marvelous son, wishing Ezekiel would have another surprise. Hopefully a more convenient one this time. But the child was in his own world, staring off into the distance. 

Ezekiel wasnt paying much attention to his parents. The magnitude of his present situation was finally hitting him. This is insane. Absolutely insane. More insane than when I thought I was in a coma for several months. Im actually in a different world. I live in a different world. 

A tumultuous mix of emotions flooded him. Regret at having died in his previous life, relief at having escaped it, fear of the dangers this world poses, and, most of all, an increasing sense of euphoria. There was, quite literally, a world of endless possibilities for him to explore. 

From the draconic memories inside him, he had gained a rudimentary understanding of the world. And what he learned captivated him. He would be able to visit elf- and dwarf-like peoples, listen to talking trees, learn magic (magic!), meet kings and queens, and do so many unbelievably awesome things. 

Perhaps best of all was his own species. He almost swooned. A dragon. Im a dragon. Im a dragon prince. This is way cooler than any story, ever... The cruel voice of reason suddenly hit.As long as they have proper toilets. Ezekiel could barely believe himself for thinking that. He sighed. I knew my personality wouldnt let me be happy without examining all the facts first. So much for that. 

He blinked once and shook off the stupor he had fallen into, starting to actively examine himself. He had gotten a good look at his soul the previous night when trying out channeling, but he hadnt gotten much farther than that. 

He could tell his body was naturally much stronger than it had been as a human. It practically pulsed with power. The down side, because of course there was one, was its age. I cant do anything with the body of a two-year-old. I wish I was a bit older. 

Something deep in his consciousness twinged, giving him a strange feeling. Could it be possible…? He focused his energy again, savoring the now-familiar feeling of power. He willed his body to grow. A small strand of greenish-gold light swirled into being, twisting about his feet. It curled gracefully around his legs, winding up his torso. 

Deitrick gaped, slack-jawed, at the incredible fulfillment of his offhanded wish. A string of light was twining itself around Ezekiel, growing like a vine from beneath his feet to the top of his head. The stranger phenomenon was what happened after the green light obscured Ezekiel. Deitrick stared intently into the shimmery mass, and as his child came back into view, an involuntary gasp escaped him and Isolde. 

Is that you, Ezekiel? Deitrick asked, growing numb to the strange occurrences. 

Hmmm. Ezekiel looked up and noticed his father. Yeah. His gaze drifted downwards again. Pretty useful, eh? Deitrick could only nod, dumbfounded. 

All three people in the room examined Ezekiel. His baby-like physique was gone, replaced by the body of a young child. Now standing about four feet tall, with long golden hair and lean limbs, Ezekiel had been changed completely. His face had thinned considerably, retaining its childish tenderness, but losing the chunky baby fat. His looks were now those of a five- or six-year-old human child. 

With his parents still recovering from the shock, Ezekiel took the initiative. This seems to be the limit for this skill. I can only change my age five or so years, as a human ages. Of course, its possible I could do more, but I would have to constantly expend energy to keep that body functioning. This is the maximum change that requires no more than the initial energy, Ezekiel said out loud, as much for his benefit as for his parents. 

So youre saying you could stay like this. Without any side-effects. Isolde adjusted quickly, giving Deitrick a meaningful look. Now we have the perfect cover for you. She quickly explained the reasons for keeping his identity a secret, finishing with her plan for doing so. 

Well tell everyone you are a child prodigy from the northern province, whose magic was forcibly awakened. You came from a family with enough status to permit you to come here, to the palace, to study under me. This explains almost everything. When the time comes we can pretend that we sent off our son Ezekiel to study elsewhere, in safety. This would be easily believed, because of what happened to the previous king. Isolde clapped her hands, and Deitrick just looked relived. 

I do have to add one provision, for your safety, Ezekiel. You will not be allowed to leave the palace grounds until you can protect yourself. Even if no one knows your true identity, you are still dazzling enough to prove a threat to our enemies. Its best not to make an easy target of yourself. 

Ezekiel thought about protesting, but the logic of the argument was just too strong. He didnt want to play with his life. A few years wouldnt mean much. 

Thinking for a moment, Ezekiel muttered to himself. If they are really that concerned about my safety, arent they forgetting something? Im still too recognizable, right? Only royalty has golden hair and eyes. Even if I wasnt known as a prince, I would still be in danger. 

He stroked his chin, an old habit from his previous world. Hoping to find an solution, he examined the power he had just utilized. He smiled at his luck, for one was readily apparent. Focusing his remaining magical energy, and another green strand of light wrapped around his head. 

When it faded away, in its place were two hazel eyes, brownish hair, and a light smattering of freckles. A look completely different from before. The Basic shape of his face stayed relatively the same, but he looked a bit more mischievous and less imposing now. 

Deitrick rubbed his eyes and sighed. Im not surprised anymore. I guess I should just expect miracles around you. He muttered under his breath, But Im not sure what this means for the future… He shuddered, suddenly having a bad premonition. 

Isold was overjoyed at the extra layer of protection Ezekiels disguise would afford him. She cautiously asked, This wont drain your energy to maintain, right? And it isnt permanent? Ezekiel nodded. 

Deitrick seemed to suddenly realize something. Listen, Ezekiel. In order to not shatter this illusion you mustnt dragon form. As you know, the color of royalty is gold, and not just in human form. In dragon form we are golden as well. Usually a dragons coloring corresponds to their elemental affinity, but we are naturally metallic. 

Once we have enough control, its possible to chance our scales the the color of our element, but this usually happens sometime between the ages of 50 to 100. For now, it is best not to risk it, and for you to just stay in your human form. It wouldnt be possible for you to fly, anyways, until you are about 10, so bear with it for now. Deitrick gently told Ezekiel. 

Ugh! thought Ezekiel, This is getting more and more grim. I had better get to the level where I am able to protect myself soon, because this really sucks. 

*          *          * 

In the mornings Ezekiel learned from his mother about channeling the element of water. After lunch, Isolde would help Deitrick with affairs of state, and Ezekiel would be left to his own devices. 

Of course, instead of playing around, Ezekiel would train more. Most afternoons he would go deep into the forest and secretly practice the other elements. Although he had no direct instruction, the same principles that Isolde taught him about using the water element applied to using the other elements. 

Several times, he tried to use the dragon memories to help him train, but what Isolde had said was true; the basics were the same across the board. He estimated that in another year or two he would be able to start a more advanced regime, when utilizing them would be helpful. 

One thing he found worrying was that many of the memories had faded. It was like certain key parts were beyond reach. While it was a concern, Ezekiel was able to postpone his fear until he learned more about the cause. 

Because of his hard work and talent, he progressed very quickly. Much more quickly than even he had expected. Although he had no one with whom to compare his power, he could tell it was incredibly abnormal. He had decided to tone his power down when in front of others because he had learned that being too outstanding was a cry for misfortune. Along with this, the other aspects of his disguise held up nicely. 

After changing his appearance, he was under no danger from enemies of the throne. Although they were few, since the dragon empire was unified, several assassins (usually from other races) had been sent over the years. The reason for everyones worry was the still-fresh memory of the previous kings assassination half a century earlier. 

But, thankfully, no one could even start to suspect Ezekiel. It was common sense that a dragons human appearance is set, the only change coming from limited aging. And they only age until they look twenty (at the age of fifty). 

All dragons above fifty look like a twenty year-old humans (when in human form, that is). This has caused them numerous problems when traveling in human kingdoms; they are easily discovered by their appearance and power. Since the same was true of the Dryads, anyone who looked twenty years of age, especially if they were abnormal, would fall under suspicion in most of the human kingdoms. 

But Ezekiel was different. He could change his apparent age up to five years and alter his appearance. He was perfectly safe to train and live in peace. 

*         *          * 

Ahem. This is your narrator speaking. I decided to  rescue you. There was going to belooong time skip here. But that would mean a lot of work for me. I would be the one having to explain everything that happened. And lets face it, I just dont have the time (no way am I giving up my afternoon naps). *cough cough* I mean, I kindly saved you from a merciless time skip. Leave it at that. Really. Just leave it. 

Moving on now. I did say I rescued you from a time jump, but really I prevented you from enduring an entire one. I still have to fast forward a little, otherwise wed all be bored. Especially since nothing really important happened. Nothing. It was terribly dull. 

I mean, I already mentioned no one but Ezekiels parents knows who he actually is (everyone else thinks hes a comparatively normal child named Zeke– not very creative, I know, but I didnt pick it!). Thats pretty much the biggest piece of news. All the kid does is study and train, every single day. He hasnt even left the palace grounds; makes for a tedious story. 

Speaking of which, his training has progressed pretty well, with few serious incidents. He is now at the level of a typical 40-45 year old dragon, but has little real fighting experience to back up his raw power. 

And thats that. Youre all caught up. Up to what, you ask. Well, I did say there would be a small time skip, right? It is now three years in the future. Or would it be we were three years in the past? Agghh, I dont know. Three years–important bit. 

Bye-bye for now (its time for that much-needed nap). Ill *yawn* talk to you next chapter... hello 
